WEBVTT

1
00:00:04.440 --> 00:00:09.690
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, welcome to the July 7 episode your typical certain critical.

2
00:00:10.290 --> 00:00:25.260
Tracy Kuhrt: As you are all aware of the things that we must abide by on the call the first is the antitrust policy notice that is currently being displayed on the screen and the second is our code of conduct, which is linked in the agenda.

3
00:00:27.240 --> 00:00:35.370
Tracy Kuhrt: As far as announcements we have the standard announcement that we have every week every developer newsletter goes out each Friday.

4
00:00:36.060 --> 00:00:46.380
Tracy Kuhrt: And if there's something that you would like to reach the hundreds of developers that we have, please consider leaving a comment there in the wiki page that's linked, also in the agenda.

5
00:00:47.910 --> 00:00:49.920
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other announcements that anybody might have.

6
00:01:00.240 --> 00:01:01.260
Tracy Kuhrt: whoa okay.

7
00:01:02.370 --> 00:01:07.140
Tracy Kuhrt: So, as far as quarterly reports we don't have any do today.

8
00:01:08.370 --> 00:01:09.510
Tracy Kuhrt: looks like we took a.

9
00:01:10.980 --> 00:01:19.860
Tracy Kuhrt: Little hiatus here on the quarterly reports but I did include a link in the agenda for checking any open tasks that you might have.

10
00:01:20.580 --> 00:01:30.930
Tracy Kuhrt: To see if there's any open quarterly reports that you haven't yet reviewed, I could see a number of people doing that, as I came in this morning and saw a bunch of emails from the wiki.

11
00:01:31.770 --> 00:01:42.960
Tracy Kuhrt: So thank you to those who did take the time if you haven't yet had the opportunity, please do so catch up now is a good time to do that without any quarterly reports coming in.

12
00:01:44.160 --> 00:01:52.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Although I did see that the hyper ledger fabric report came out, it is due next week so it's actually a week early.

13
00:01:53.790 --> 00:02:02.340
Tracy Kuhrt: But thanks Dave for doing that, as a gordo for updating the wiki green agenda here to include that link.

14
00:02:03.900 --> 00:02:11.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Any any comments or questions anything that anybody wants to bring up before we get to the discussion item that we have for today.

15
00:02:19.800 --> 00:02:31.350
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, see none, then we do have a one discussion item for today it's a carry over from last week, it is the Security Task Force recommendations.

16
00:02:32.070 --> 00:02:42.930
Tracy Kuhrt: That a room wanted to bring to the technical steering committee, so a ruin i'm going to hand that off to you for walking us through and others recommendations.

17
00:02:44.010 --> 00:02:44.670
Arun S M: Thanks Tracy.

18
00:02:46.140 --> 00:02:53.550
Arun S M: Last week, we were unable to cover this as I was running late, and then we could not get enough time at the after discussing previous week's agenda items.

19
00:02:55.020 --> 00:03:09.210
Arun S M: So this is the second time we are bringing the recommendation sheet that i'm showing currently to the tsa in the previous call I briefly discussed these 10 different action items or 10 different gaps that were identified and that we had to work on our words.

20
00:03:10.500 --> 00:03:21.840
Arun S M: One of them is already considered and accepted from the tsa where we are mandating that each project should have representation and have a representative.

21
00:03:23.190 --> 00:03:33.030
Arun S M: Who will be responsible, or who will be first point of contact for anything related to security and including fixes that are to be done, including issues that are reported.

22
00:03:34.230 --> 00:03:43.410
Arun S M: and continuing on that discussion and I noted that there were a few open items from from the time that we last met last assembled on this topic.

23
00:03:44.610 --> 00:03:52.410
Arun S M: field other topics that that are straightforward recommendations from the task forces to adopt some of these.

24
00:03:54.060 --> 00:04:04.470
Arun S M: recommendations that are coming in from open systems right away so i'll defer to some of the comments are added over here, even within those bullet items for the discussion.

25
00:04:04.920 --> 00:04:11.940
Arun S M: Point however i'll just cover different items that are to be adopted or as a recommendation that are coming in from openness.

26
00:04:12.840 --> 00:04:24.930
Arun S M: One of them is the scorecard and I know we had different badging proposal last year and then we went through multiple iterations in discussing that so scorecard is kind of.

27
00:04:26.010 --> 00:04:36.690
Arun S M: i'm going to score each project repository and through it takes us through a checklist and then make sure we are compliant and we are following some.

28
00:04:37.710 --> 00:04:52.380
Arun S M: suggested recommendations which are good to follow from a security standpoint and there was a recommendation that there is no reason why we should not follow that becomes another metric for for us on how we utilize it, however, does the.

29
00:04:53.370 --> 00:04:55.740
Arun S M: bigger picture or bigger point over there is.

30
00:04:58.560 --> 00:05:13.080
Arun S M: It was related to how well each project is responding or reacting to the issues I didn't this kind of ties back to this point number seven that is written our in terms of responsible vulnerability disclosures.

31
00:05:14.130 --> 00:05:21.840
Arun S M: One of the open item or bigger debating item that also came up in this week's Task Force meeting is also on how do we make sure each project.

32
00:05:23.100 --> 00:05:26.850
Arun S M: Is is advancing on the issues that were reported right so.

33
00:05:27.870 --> 00:05:35.640
Arun S M: This is where we need discussion within the thc and probably potential ideas on how that can be implemented across projects.

34
00:05:36.870 --> 00:05:44.460
Arun S M: Are make I can just talk through some of the ideas that we had from the task force so one thing would be that.

35
00:05:45.510 --> 00:05:59.430
Arun S M: CBS ought to be addressed, from the time they reported within 90 days of time if they are not addressed within that amount of time, then it will be made public and it kind of becomes.

36
00:06:02.100 --> 00:06:09.210
Arun S M: kind of i'd say appraiser do the maintenance, that they will have to complete they are allowed to address this within 90 days and this.

37
00:06:09.690 --> 00:06:27.600
Arun S M: They want everyone to know that something like this exist in the project which I don't think that should be done when it kind of forces everyone to do it, so this was one of the idea right so again this has to be there was a recommendation, there should be strict guidelines around how.

38
00:06:28.740 --> 00:06:38.070
Arun S M: I mean the responsible disclosure element itself, so there are two angles to it the responsibility from within the project, and then the responsible disclosure aspect of it.

39
00:06:40.200 --> 00:06:40.530
Arun S M: um.

40
00:06:41.850 --> 00:06:59.550
Arun S M: So i'll probably pass away and, of course, there are a few other elements I mean we, we would like to definitely I want everyone's opinion or probably debate on this item and others non conflicting or straightforward items are with respect to the.

41
00:07:00.630 --> 00:07:09.060
Arun S M: Release process which was open in the previous discussion, so there were discussions around this in not this week's call, but the previous week's call thanks to.

42
00:07:10.230 --> 00:07:13.560
Arun S M: Item for all the inputs, I think usage is also suggested.

43
00:07:15.030 --> 00:07:25.890
Arun S M: Not fabric team uses TV for all the production i'm not sure if it was fabric or at your workplace, but you are using three before scanning container images.

44
00:07:27.000 --> 00:07:28.200
Arun S M: So idea was to have.

45
00:07:29.340 --> 00:07:36.270
Arun S M: A pipe the verification or the reporting process or the identification process built in to the pipeline and.

46
00:07:37.590 --> 00:07:39.690
Arun S M: In the CIA in both CD so.

47
00:07:41.700 --> 00:07:57.210
Arun S M: In the release the artifact releases the binary releases that we are going to have it, even those are to be scanned I have given frequency and that frequency isn't it's not recommended from the task force.

48
00:07:58.530 --> 00:08:03.960
Arun S M: Using tools like these rights of those artifacts could include the container images.

49
00:08:05.640 --> 00:08:09.300
Arun S M: That was another straightforward item in a non.

50
00:08:10.680 --> 00:08:18.990
Arun S M: What do I say there was no conflict of interest or deliver that thing that people would be contradicting to if we bring in that process.

51
00:08:21.330 --> 00:08:29.970
Arun S M: And yeah I will take a pass here, probably would like to hear feedback on the scorecard and the vulnerability disclosure element.

52
00:08:31.500 --> 00:08:31.800
Arun S M: But.

53
00:08:34.650 --> 00:08:39.570
Tracy Kuhrt: So around for those of us that important Security Task Force I don't think that.

54
00:08:41.280 --> 00:08:48.030
Tracy Kuhrt: there's been opportunity of time to review kind of these extra links from open ssl.

55
00:08:49.080 --> 00:08:53.010
Tracy Kuhrt: With the vulnerability disclosures and the scorecard.

56
00:08:54.900 --> 00:08:55.470
Tracy Kuhrt: I.

57
00:08:56.580 --> 00:09:00.570
Tracy Kuhrt: guess you know from the Security Task Force perspective.

58
00:09:01.590 --> 00:09:05.550
Tracy Kuhrt: The recommendation is on the this.

59
00:09:06.660 --> 00:09:12.000
Tracy Kuhrt: vulnerability disclosures, the only real recommendation that I think I heard was the.

60
00:09:13.920 --> 00:09:19.290
Tracy Kuhrt: CV East we published by the end of 90 days is there anything else in that link that.

61
00:09:20.340 --> 00:09:23.670
Tracy Kuhrt: We would be needing to handle.

62
00:09:24.960 --> 00:09:36.210
Arun S M: Okay um I would definitely recommend everyone to review the scorecard when it comes to the about element which is this vulnerability disclosures it mostly talks about the reasons and.

63
00:09:38.130 --> 00:09:40.170
Arun S M: I believe it also has a collection of.

64
00:09:41.370 --> 00:09:46.170
Arun S M: Some of the incidents are like series that were reported from the past, they are not from.

65
00:09:47.370 --> 00:09:48.510
Arun S M: um yeah.

66
00:09:49.770 --> 00:09:59.610
Arun S M: So this is something that natalie to review in terms of what needs to be reviewed, however, it is, is is fine over here the important aspect is in terms of.

67
00:10:00.360 --> 00:10:09.540
Arun S M: Learning from the experience learning from what others have faced in the past and trying to understand at the best model that works for us so.

68
00:10:10.500 --> 00:10:20.970
Arun S M: I would probably recommend to have a glance through if possible it's more of a retrospective way of understanding what happened and then, how do we make our processes better.

69
00:10:23.160 --> 00:10:29.130
Arun S M: So, apart from this 90 days thing the scorecard was another.

70
00:10:30.720 --> 00:10:33.420
Arun S M: proposal that came in from the recommendation right so.

71
00:10:35.040 --> 00:10:39.150
Arun S M: um I don't know like do you want me to go through each element or here, or do you want.

72
00:10:40.500 --> 00:10:48.180
Arun S M: To Members to give some give the same number some time so that they can go through it and come back with the debate or probably debate on this topic.

73
00:10:49.680 --> 00:10:51.600
Arun S M: Just from a standpoint that.

74
00:10:52.620 --> 00:10:58.950
Arun S M: What are the problems that computers are facing right now, or the maintenance are facing any Why would it be a challenge that.

75
00:10:59.700 --> 00:11:19.080
Arun S M: Fixing something within 90 days is is not possible, or should we look into, for instance, the current release process because right now, like the lecture that's not have anything to say when it comes to release lifecycle up other than I think even that hard corrected me that that.

76
00:11:20.430 --> 00:11:29.340
Arun S M: The release taxonomic thing is also not so tight right now right, I mean it's there is so much freedom from each project in terms of how they can.

77
00:11:31.080 --> 00:11:32.940
Arun S M: proceed with the releases.

78
00:11:34.470 --> 00:11:38.910
Arun S M: So there are multiple ways in which we can address this particular concern.

79
00:11:40.020 --> 00:11:42.060
Arun S M: We can even tie this in with the release.

80
00:11:43.140 --> 00:11:50.940
Arun S M: process itself, we can say that anytime a new project is releasing and if they are Monday release as let's say.

81
00:11:52.380 --> 00:12:06.420
Arun S M: A major release or probably a release that they're going to support for a long time, then it becomes our responsibility from the hyper ledger foundation, because the release is happening under it under this umbrella projects.

82
00:12:07.440 --> 00:12:15.870
Arun S M: So, if anything, gets reported than its responsibility or or anything that comes back would be named against the Foundation.

83
00:12:16.980 --> 00:12:34.860
Arun S M: And not just a project as well, so I don't know about turning around that would also help benefit, I did not put those thoughts, because any thought here and affirmative response from from those who are on the call related to those topics.

84
00:12:37.980 --> 00:12:38.190
Tracy Kuhrt: part.

85
00:12:39.000 --> 00:12:44.580
Hart Montgomery: htc yeah thanks, so I think to sort of addressing your point, I think, are you know.

86
00:12:46.230 --> 00:12:55.860
Hart Montgomery: I think the the plan today was to to go over some of the recommendations and then hear what people think, and then eventually package them in some kind of actionable.

87
00:12:57.000 --> 00:13:03.480
Hart Montgomery: way that the you know, make an actual rule that the tasc can vote on, so I think that's the plan in the future.

88
00:13:04.920 --> 00:13:06.420
Hart Montgomery: But you know.

89
00:13:07.590 --> 00:13:18.150
Hart Montgomery: This is more of you know, these are the recommendations What do people think, and then you know, can we package these into rules will be coming so.

90
00:13:19.590 --> 00:13:20.910
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay yeah thanks right.

91
00:13:21.420 --> 00:13:23.940
Tracy Kuhrt: And I think that's the way my concern re.

92
00:13:24.330 --> 00:13:28.320
Tracy Kuhrt: Obviously, have not attended any of this training Task Force calls.

93
00:13:29.610 --> 00:13:36.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Do too complex and it so for me coming in kind of fresh and i'm sure there's other folks on the call can hear fresh air.

94
00:13:37.230 --> 00:13:50.730
Tracy Kuhrt: To looking at this and not having clicked on any of these links, I like Okay, what do you want us to do right, so I guess the thing that you're asking for right now it's just commentary specifically on seven and eight.

95
00:13:52.200 --> 00:14:00.840
Tracy Kuhrt: Not necessarily on the rest of them at this point, but eventually on the rest of these recommendations is that kind of where we're at for today's discussion.

96
00:14:01.380 --> 00:14:08.100
Hart Montgomery: yeah well we'd love commentary on all of them, but sort of you know we've thought that.

97
00:14:09.480 --> 00:14:15.330
Hart Montgomery: You know, seven is something that very much needs to be addressed, and you know it's easy to address.

98
00:14:16.620 --> 00:14:21.390
Hart Montgomery: So you know our plan was to go over this and then.

99
00:14:22.860 --> 00:14:28.380
Hart Montgomery: If people are okay, with it, you know, maybe in a couple of week or two will will propose a.

100
00:14:30.090 --> 00:14:32.160
Hart Montgomery: Proposal rule now.

101
00:14:33.300 --> 00:14:40.050
Hart Montgomery: Some of these have sort of already been the policy in theory but there's never been any enforcement and nothing has ever been done.

102
00:14:42.600 --> 00:14:42.930
Hart Montgomery: But.

103
00:14:44.070 --> 00:14:45.750
Hart Montgomery: Yes, I hope that makes sense.

104
00:14:47.520 --> 00:14:47.880
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

105
00:14:49.980 --> 00:14:52.590
Tracy Kuhrt: So I mean for number seven.

106
00:14:54.120 --> 00:15:00.930
Tracy Kuhrt: Like I said, I think the one actionable item that I see, there is the the 90 days which, personally I don't have any sort of.

107
00:15:02.730 --> 00:15:20.790
Tracy Kuhrt: commentary for other than to say, I think, whatever best practices that's what we should do and i'm assuming that OSS has the best practices and so therefore that 90 days is coming from them and there's probably the right direction to head for the for the scorecard.

108
00:15:22.290 --> 00:15:27.210
Tracy Kuhrt: I guess the question that I have is right now we do.

109
00:15:28.260 --> 00:15:31.680
Tracy Kuhrt: The only scorecard that I know that we're doing is.

110
00:15:34.260 --> 00:15:45.750
Tracy Kuhrt: I forget what it's called because it's changed name but is this somehow different than the existing kind of self attested responses that we have for our projects to.

111
00:15:46.320 --> 00:15:55.920
Tracy Kuhrt: To see that they're in a certain state is this only focused on security is, how is this different than is it, how does this.

112
00:15:57.840 --> 00:16:02.580
Tracy Kuhrt: One benefit the projects and to benefit the hyper ledger foundation.

113
00:16:04.530 --> 00:16:06.930
Tracy Kuhrt: And heart, I see you hit up.

114
00:16:07.230 --> 00:16:10.200
Hart Montgomery: room, if you want to take over, please feel free to jump in.

115
00:16:10.950 --> 00:16:13.650
Arun S M: And i'm looking for my on to based.

116
00:16:16.980 --> 00:16:24.510
Hart Montgomery: I will say that yeah seven also involves about getting project contact point setup.

117
00:16:25.740 --> 00:16:32.460
Hart Montgomery: So we think it would be you know good to require that you know graduated projects have security contacts.

118
00:16:34.710 --> 00:16:36.990
Hart Montgomery: We plan on writing that down in a rule.

119
00:16:38.100 --> 00:16:50.910
Hart Montgomery: As you know, as far as the the 90 days goes, yes, that is very much the standard beyond the open ssf even and it really would you like to talk about the scorecard.

120
00:16:52.260 --> 00:16:55.260
Arun S M: Yes, I finally found my and icon.

121
00:16:56.430 --> 00:17:09.600
Arun S M: So Tracy I guess you had a couple of questions in your previous ask in terms of scorecard I am not sure if you're asking about the CIA, by the way, earlier hot to a project is.

122
00:17:09.780 --> 00:17:10.410
Arun S M: The one that you're.

123
00:17:12.300 --> 00:17:17.220
Arun S M: Right, I think it was renamed and this scorecard captures.

124
00:17:18.360 --> 00:17:20.490
Arun S M: element in addition to that, if i'm not wrong.

125
00:17:22.350 --> 00:17:22.800
Arun S M: Right.

126
00:17:29.550 --> 00:17:39.660
Arun S M: I need to go back to my notes sorry I will check the notes from one of the meetings i'm mature I think another question that you are asking, with respect to 90 days.

127
00:17:40.170 --> 00:17:53.580
Arun S M: was an art also kind of brought up a separate committee, so now that we have representation from each project who's responsible to handle those issues what we were thinking is in terms of long term plan.

128
00:17:55.020 --> 00:18:06.720
Arun S M: Have a committee set up and give focus more towards security aspects as well, and this needs to be kind of cross collaboration that may not necessarily be within the project but.

129
00:18:07.740 --> 00:18:20.100
Arun S M: Try to address some of them cross projects and try to see how to handle them so in order to support that or encourage it, there was also discussed there were also discussions in terms of.

130
00:18:21.930 --> 00:18:26.220
Arun S M: Stopping a project from graduate graduation and.

131
00:18:27.390 --> 00:18:39.630
Arun S M: Unless they meet certain criteria and then this criteria evaluation happens through a committee which is again sell form with with this group, that we were talking about.

132
00:18:40.830 --> 00:18:46.860
Arun S M: And so, again, there were a few other open items will will tsa be okay with it and with the.

133
00:18:47.970 --> 00:18:59.370
Arun S M: shift towards to see rtc How would that be handled what kind of responsibilities would this particular group of Members would would have and.

134
00:19:00.510 --> 00:19:08.820
Arun S M: What would they be making decisions on these are some of the open items that we could start debating in terms of how to handle it right.

135
00:19:14.040 --> 00:19:18.210
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so back to the scorecard.

136
00:19:19.890 --> 00:19:22.860
Tracy Kuhrt: So this is different than the open ssl.

137
00:19:24.390 --> 00:19:29.010
Tracy Kuhrt: Best Practices badge that we have had projects going through, or is this.

138
00:19:31.350 --> 00:19:47.280
Tracy Kuhrt: Is this the same night because the open ssl best practices badge has a security section in it so i'm curious like are we asking for more work from the projects is it you know how how much more work is it going to be for the project.

139
00:19:53.280 --> 00:19:57.690
Arun S M: It would be nice if one of the project can volunteer and evaluate it.

140
00:19:59.730 --> 00:20:01.320
Arun S M: And i'm happy to work through.

141
00:20:02.430 --> 00:20:11.370
Arun S M: walkthrough on that right so there's one more action item that I personally have taken through through the task force that's to understand the current process so.

142
00:20:12.240 --> 00:20:23.310
Arun S M: I have set up some time independently to discuss with the staff members itself to understand what do they go through and and what's the process involved and why.

143
00:20:24.180 --> 00:20:39.330
Arun S M: Why did this question, even came up that we are talking about disclosing vulnerability at a cutoff date of 90 days and why is it take when taking that long for us if we know that it's a critical vulnerability so in terms of.

144
00:20:40.590 --> 00:20:41.340
Arun S M: gold card.

145
00:20:42.510 --> 00:20:45.570
Arun S M: i'm consulting for a meeting in which are supported by.

146
00:20:47.040 --> 00:20:49.680
Arun S M: I see i'm not talking i'm sorry i'm not.

147
00:20:51.330 --> 00:20:53.520
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): yeah hi i'm talking yet, but.

148
00:20:54.150 --> 00:21:04.620
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): I mean, I wanted to answer directly tracy's question, I mean there is no current alignment between scorecard and the openness of badge and.

149
00:21:05.700 --> 00:21:13.140
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): So they are indeed the you know doing both requires more effort than doing one or the other.

150
00:21:15.840 --> 00:21:21.150
Tracy Kuhrt: I think so yeah and I was trying to quickly scroll through this scorecard.

151
00:21:22.230 --> 00:21:37.050
Tracy Kuhrt: It looks like the there's some recommendations around from github actions of products can run to kind of get their score for this scorecard.

152
00:21:38.580 --> 00:21:39.750
Tracy Kuhrt: And I guess you know.

153
00:21:42.540 --> 00:21:50.640
Tracy Kuhrt: I i'm thinking about in the past where we've done things where we've tried to make things easier for the projects and the projects have pushed back.

154
00:21:51.060 --> 00:21:56.280
Tracy Kuhrt: As far as you know, they don't want to do that or it's it's you know the.

155
00:21:57.240 --> 00:22:07.950
Tracy Kuhrt: tools that we have is very specific to a particular language or Whatever the case may be right and and so i'm I just want to see like how.

156
00:22:08.340 --> 00:22:19.530
Tracy Kuhrt: sure we are of this recommendation that the projects are actually going to think that this is useful versus it's painful for them to do this.

157
00:22:20.220 --> 00:22:34.200
Tracy Kuhrt: I mean no way suggesting that security is about thing here right i'm just trying to think about in the past what's happening within hyper ledger different projects where we've you know put down requirements for running particular tools.

158
00:22:36.090 --> 00:22:50.580
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): I agree, I think you bring a very good point there and and I just wanted to explain a little bit the bag right, I mean open ssl badges are basically renamed the CCI badges we've known for a long time and.

159
00:22:51.840 --> 00:23:11.220
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And the scorecard is a new tool that was developed initially by Google, and so there is they don't share the same routes at all, and we can hope that open ssf eventually will try to get all these things neatly aligned but it's clearly not the case.

160
00:23:12.330 --> 00:23:18.540
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): They have different origins and they actually maintained by different groups and openness, they said so.

161
00:23:22.380 --> 00:23:22.650
Tracy Kuhrt: heart.

162
00:23:24.240 --> 00:23:27.060
Hart Montgomery: yeah so Tracy you bring up a great point about.

163
00:23:28.380 --> 00:23:31.770
Hart Montgomery: Things being you know easy and low.

164
00:23:33.150 --> 00:23:43.710
Hart Montgomery: I guess low work for projects, so what the the plan going forward is is, we would like the tlc to sort of look over all of these recommendations.

165
00:23:44.460 --> 00:23:57.900
Hart Montgomery: And as a starting point, we want to put together, you know, a list of some of the easiest and highest impact ones to implement right, and then we will put those for approval for the tasc.

166
00:24:00.090 --> 00:24:08.520
Hart Montgomery: This is, you know, obviously going to be an ongoing process and some of the things are going to you know take quite a while to.

167
00:24:10.170 --> 00:24:23.010
Hart Montgomery: To put in practice and something like the ssf scorecard which is you know, not even I would say, not even a complete effort at this point, might not be one of the first things we do right.

168
00:24:24.120 --> 00:24:32.580
Hart Montgomery: We may want to let that mature a little bit before we asked projects to do it, for instance, and there are a number of other things on this list that.

169
00:24:34.410 --> 00:24:39.630
Hart Montgomery: We probably aren't going to want to do immediately, but we would like to see long term does that make sense.

170
00:24:42.960 --> 00:24:43.260
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

171
00:24:44.040 --> 00:24:49.080
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm just trying to see how we can help move this discussion forward.

172
00:24:50.220 --> 00:25:05.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Right, for your for something to come back here to the etc for for vote so trying to really understand and hoping that this discussion is useful for others as well, since i'm the only one who's who's asking the questions at this point.

173
00:25:10.080 --> 00:25:14.940
Hart Montgomery: I think a lot of people probably have questions, but here, so thank you for asking them.

174
00:25:20.400 --> 00:25:22.830
Tracy Kuhrt: anybody else have any thoughts on this Hello.

175
00:25:24.270 --> 00:25:33.450
Angelo De Caro: I like this to be honest, this this idea of discourse maybe in the sense, maybe that is also something that guidelines that we can find are specific for blockchain.

176
00:25:34.110 --> 00:25:45.510
Angelo De Caro: And that will be interesting, can we ask a volunteer so the beginning, maybe we don't force, but we have a bit of a first period where we as volunteers from the projects, I don't know fabric.

177
00:25:47.040 --> 00:25:49.710
Angelo De Caro: Maybe you can volunteer well I don't want to put it.

178
00:25:50.760 --> 00:26:05.250
Angelo De Caro: In I put myself in the shoes of Dave or not, but to be the Samsung sounds very interesting as a as an idiot and maybe you can be a good point of reference reference point for also for the for the clients for the enterprise or looking for.

179
00:26:06.360 --> 00:26:09.750
Angelo De Caro: I mean for some handles I really like this.

180
00:26:17.280 --> 00:26:19.050
Hart Montgomery: Sorry, I forgot to take my head down.

181
00:26:19.680 --> 00:26:20.220
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh okay.

182
00:26:20.520 --> 00:26:21.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Well, that came back up.

183
00:26:22.020 --> 00:26:24.600
Tracy Kuhrt: We take it down and then the big you did perfect.

184
00:26:25.980 --> 00:26:27.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Worries any other comments.

185
00:26:31.380 --> 00:26:31.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Come.

186
00:26:33.150 --> 00:26:43.170
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah it is clearly like this, I think this is a need to be committed foundation project because, even in me in the hybrid India we.

187
00:26:44.790 --> 00:26:48.840
Kamlesh Nagware: kind of responded to a couple of inquiries, where people are using the project same.

188
00:26:49.620 --> 00:27:00.180
Kamlesh Nagware: As about the kind of vulnerabilities in the hyper ledger codes under time, I think we don't have some some some kind of framework or some girls recommendation feel available.

189
00:27:00.810 --> 00:27:18.570
Kamlesh Nagware: Then we as a Community can share or maybe the people who are using the progress can get confidence like hyper ledger police pulling the particular so miss gender and some some guidelines and ensuring the security aspect of the predicts as in this good initiative.

190
00:27:23.130 --> 00:27:35.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks, so much so, I have a follow up question, which is, I think, somewhere, as you were scrolling everyone, I noticed something about projects moving incubation to graduate.

191
00:27:36.960 --> 00:27:49.950
Tracy Kuhrt: And so i'm curious as to security is not a one and done type thing right as security changes as the code changes.

192
00:27:51.060 --> 00:27:53.190
Tracy Kuhrt: And so what sort of.

193
00:27:54.810 --> 00:27:57.630
Tracy Kuhrt: expectation, do we have for.

194
00:27:59.550 --> 00:28:16.470
Tracy Kuhrt: The scorecard remain up to date and as the code changes, you know the reevaluation happening to ensure that no security issues have been created slash added slash whatever right to to the storage space.

195
00:28:19.830 --> 00:28:21.600
Arun S M: Tourists either to the question um.

196
00:28:23.460 --> 00:28:31.170
Arun S M: I don't think so we discussed on that aspect, but we were still thinking, if such a thing would be accepted by the tsa or not, if.

197
00:28:31.710 --> 00:28:46.800
Arun S M: We think we need to go in that direction, then it's definitely we will start thinking in the next upcoming call it i'll bring this topic up again and in terms of what we were thinking just for a regular cadence I believe I don't know so there were.

198
00:28:47.850 --> 00:28:54.570
Arun S M: In terms of it was tying back again to the standard processes that we were following and and how do we.

199
00:28:55.620 --> 00:28:58.890
Arun S M: Make sure that we're following those processes right so.

200
00:29:01.140 --> 00:29:18.330
Arun S M: So I had two thoughts are on day one is with respect to apart from the process itself in in terms of how well, a project is going to handle in when something is reported how well are we responding back to those even those metrics are to be captured.

201
00:29:20.040 --> 00:29:30.210
Arun S M: um but yeah we haven't had a chance to discuss go deep into this direction and i'm thinking that we were not sure if something like this would be accepted.

202
00:29:35.130 --> 00:29:42.240
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I mean, I do think that you know the considerations as far as the cadence or.

203
00:29:43.050 --> 00:29:58.800
Tracy Kuhrt: When this gets reported how often that's good smoke, that is important, I I just don't think that we can say that it's a static we've done this when we moved to graduation and so therefore we're we're done in whenever we're going to look at security and.

204
00:30:00.480 --> 00:30:09.840
Tracy Kuhrt: that's that's the piece that I would think through what makes sense, again with the the caveat of.

205
00:30:10.950 --> 00:30:12.660
Tracy Kuhrt: How do we ensure that we're not.

206
00:30:14.460 --> 00:30:22.830
Tracy Kuhrt: causing more work for the projects and they actually need to be going through right is it every time they do a release, they have to do this is it.

207
00:30:24.090 --> 00:30:35.910
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, once a year, they have to do this, you know I don't know what the right cadence is, but I think there is a cadence and we have to understand how that impacts, the different projects Angela.

208
00:30:37.140 --> 00:30:44.910
Angelo De Caro: But, for example, I will definitely would like to have an update when there is a long term release long term support release.

209
00:30:45.270 --> 00:30:51.630
Angelo De Caro: That, I would like to see that an update on the score that I don't like I don't need to see an update on.

210
00:30:52.380 --> 00:31:06.150
Angelo De Caro: The day the day to day commit because that I, as a company, I will, I will not take that I will not use that the those commits those temporary can commit so I don't expect to see the the score on evaluated the main branch.

211
00:31:07.230 --> 00:31:09.450
Angelo De Caro: That that's for sure I wouldn't expect that.

212
00:31:10.680 --> 00:31:10.890
Angelo De Caro: Okay.

213
00:31:12.990 --> 00:31:13.290
Tracy Kuhrt: All right.

214
00:31:14.310 --> 00:31:18.420
Arun S M: Interesting you know, we did not explicitly discussed going this far, assuming that.

215
00:31:19.320 --> 00:31:24.240
Arun S M: We would not even sure if we were going to adopt a policy that would stop projects from graduating.

216
00:31:24.750 --> 00:31:32.310
Arun S M: So if we want to go down that direction, then one of the thought process at least it came in this week's and called board.

217
00:31:32.970 --> 00:31:48.330
Arun S M: In terms of than 90 days boundary that we were to put what if projects don't follow up on that in that given boundary so there were discussions were probably we should bring down that project from graduated to incubating.

218
00:31:49.350 --> 00:31:49.740
Arun S M: Large.

219
00:31:50.790 --> 00:31:52.140
Arun S M: That was one of the way.

220
00:31:53.850 --> 00:32:07.140
Arun S M: We were discussing in terms of how can we make sure that projects understand that this is important at the same time we don't put in too much pressure in and going and taking the drastic measures.

221
00:32:10.980 --> 00:32:12.810
Tracy Kuhrt: That one get a lot of henry's is.

222
00:32:15.420 --> 00:32:23.100
Bobbi Muscara: Well, I know that we're working at the task force for the documentation and we're having running into the same issue like when is it.

223
00:32:24.660 --> 00:32:33.150
Bobbi Muscara: required information from each one of the projects when is it suggested information and what's the cadence for the update so.

224
00:32:33.450 --> 00:32:44.580
Bobbi Muscara: I mean, maybe there needs to be some kind of system in place for the projects to you know, maybe with the new release or yearly check in and say yeah all this stuff is updated.

225
00:32:49.830 --> 00:32:52.650
Troy Ronda: yeah I was just commenting on the idea of.

226
00:32:54.480 --> 00:33:01.830
Troy Ronda: Moving graduated projects to incubate it, I think we should be careful, throwing up those kind of ideas that's extremely drastic.

227
00:33:03.420 --> 00:33:03.540
Troy Ronda: You.

228
00:33:04.620 --> 00:33:04.950
Tracy Kuhrt: know.

229
00:33:07.050 --> 00:33:15.900
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): yeah I guess i'm kind of in the same you know thought here I mean I you know before we get into discussing punitive.

230
00:33:17.310 --> 00:33:28.350
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): actions against projects, I think you know it would already go some ways to come up with clear recommendations instructions for the projects to follow.

231
00:33:28.830 --> 00:33:39.210
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And then you know we can see how much uptake response we get and if really there are projects that seem to be reluctant, we need to try to understand why.

232
00:33:39.540 --> 00:33:47.430
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And only once, you know we've gone through the whole process of ensuring Okay, this is really something people must do.

233
00:33:47.880 --> 00:33:56.610
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): We should think about you know this kind of action, I think, for now, I mean we haven't had any policies we have been setting expectations.

234
00:33:56.880 --> 00:34:13.290
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): Even though some might feel like a this is, you know part of this should have been taken care of by any you know reasonable project I think again, for now, we should just lay the ground, so to speak, and what what project should do.

235
00:34:15.300 --> 00:34:17.550
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, thanks Angela.

236
00:34:19.740 --> 00:34:27.510
Angelo De Caro: yeah, so I will start by saying that I don't like, but the paternalistic approach, so I think we should not mandate anything specific but.

237
00:34:27.990 --> 00:34:35.070
Angelo De Caro: In this coach, who is the target of the score, these are the possible clients so possible users of these enterprise.

238
00:34:35.820 --> 00:34:42.450
Angelo De Caro: The Center so they will they will be the one pushing for having this course, so if a project doesn't update the scoring or doesn't update this.

239
00:34:42.930 --> 00:34:47.730
Angelo De Caro: They will just lose tracking because they will cry enterprise, we prefer other block chains that.

240
00:34:48.240 --> 00:35:01.800
Angelo De Caro: Are other tools will are keeping up with the scoring thing, and so on, so in case I guess our guidelines, I would expect guidelines and say, if you as a project you think that, for your clients for.

241
00:35:02.190 --> 00:35:09.990
Angelo De Caro: New potential clients, this is a good thing follow these guidelines, if you don't want to follow up to you, I mean, then you, we are on the market.

242
00:35:12.510 --> 00:35:12.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Right.

243
00:35:15.630 --> 00:35:26.370
Hart Montgomery: yeah so so a couple of carpets answer though I think you're thinking like a security professional and I wish more people analyzed situations like you.

244
00:35:27.060 --> 00:35:40.560
Hart Montgomery: Then again, if you look at how much money some say people dumped into the iota cryptocurrency with their hash function if you recall i'm not sure everyone makes these educated decisions.

245
00:35:41.730 --> 00:35:50.340
Hart Montgomery: To our nose point we don't want to you know sort of immediately throw out, you know everything under the sun.

246
00:35:51.600 --> 00:36:03.240
Hart Montgomery: We want to you know sort of slow roll these things out piece by piece right, so any kind of binding rules or anything we want to you know we plan on moving a little bit at a time.

247
00:36:04.260 --> 00:36:05.760
Hart Montgomery: And as far as you know.

248
00:36:06.960 --> 00:36:20.790
Hart Montgomery: Active projects goes, you know if a project is not responding to their security vulnerability reports, you know, should we really consider them an active project, you know I mean, I think, at some point we have to draw a line in the sand there.

249
00:36:24.330 --> 00:36:24.720
Hart Montgomery: Oh.

250
00:36:26.220 --> 00:36:32.340
Troy Ronda: yeah I mean I hear that it's just you know it's some point we have to also be worried about.

251
00:36:34.650 --> 00:36:42.570
Troy Ronda: yeah meet me painters time and interest and not every project and hyper ledger is a blockchain.

252
00:36:43.590 --> 00:36:54.030
Troy Ronda: For example, areas is a set of umbrella projects and i'm not sure how you know these ideas about kicking things out of active would actually work for all the projects across hyper ledger so.

253
00:36:55.320 --> 00:36:58.590
Troy Ronda: I again urge caution on these kind of ideas of.

254
00:37:00.090 --> 00:37:01.260
Troy Ronda: Punitive measures.

255
00:37:04.200 --> 00:37:07.500
Troy Ronda: Where containers may start losing interest in in hyper ledger rate.

256
00:37:13.470 --> 00:37:13.770
Tracy Kuhrt: Right.

257
00:37:15.180 --> 00:37:17.010
Arun S M: Right, so I think that's.

258
00:37:18.180 --> 00:37:24.960
Arun S M: The reason I did not mention this particular thing in the very beginning, is to avoid these kind of discussions, I understand.

259
00:37:25.530 --> 00:37:31.530
Arun S M: All projects, they were we work hard to get them into the stage where we, we are currently and then.

260
00:37:32.250 --> 00:37:47.310
Arun S M: From the intention old intention over here is to understand what is blocking in from from addressing some of the critical vulnerabilities versus prioritizing them as opposed to like, for instance.

261
00:37:48.990 --> 00:37:52.260
Arun S M: We know the capital projects are being worked on and when when we know.

262
00:37:52.800 --> 00:38:01.980
Arun S M: That if we understand that this particular issue would take us to redesign certain elements and that would take more than 90 days So yes, that is understandable so.

263
00:38:02.520 --> 00:38:10.020
Arun S M: They will be, of course, provision so it's it's not it was just a thought process like it should be it won't be to that level for sure.

264
00:38:11.340 --> 00:38:14.760
Arun S M: But there will be some recommendations which will come in a way which will allow.

265
00:38:16.620 --> 00:38:24.540
Arun S M: A pathway where project teams can explain why certain thing is taking longer than expected and allow them to discuss through their.

266
00:38:24.990 --> 00:38:32.820
Arun S M: scenario and, if needed, see if we can get some help from some other place so it's more to understand what's happening and then.

267
00:38:33.300 --> 00:38:45.480
Arun S M: um I would probably also request this quorum, now that we are understanding the intensity of the of the issue of for any such suggestions that you may have what.

268
00:38:46.740 --> 00:38:48.810
Arun S M: What might benefit each project right so.

269
00:38:50.010 --> 00:38:57.420
Arun S M: I think it's good if we can also bring in those ideas, if you can share those ideas that you might have it will definitely help us.

270
00:39:07.980 --> 00:39:10.020
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other thoughts or comments.

271
00:39:24.630 --> 00:39:26.430
Tracy Kuhrt: I think one thing that I heard in.

272
00:39:27.450 --> 00:39:30.660
Tracy Kuhrt: The discussion where we just had, is that.

273
00:39:32.010 --> 00:39:50.400
Tracy Kuhrt: People want guidelines not mandates, which I think is very much on point with where we have been in the past with our history for the technical steering committee so just maybe take that into consideration as you move forward with this part.

274
00:39:51.030 --> 00:40:03.570
Hart Montgomery: So I will say that pretty much all these rules have been stated as guidelines for quite some time, like the 90 day thing has been in the security guidelines since I want to say 2017 or 2018.

275
00:40:05.460 --> 00:40:07.230
Hart Montgomery: And at some point, you know.

276
00:40:08.820 --> 00:40:12.480
Hart Montgomery: Well, we have to ask if these guidelines are being effective.

277
00:40:16.440 --> 00:40:17.610
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah and.

278
00:40:18.660 --> 00:40:27.600
Tracy Kuhrt: The question there, I think you know 2017 we had a What was it by projects or something like that.

279
00:40:28.770 --> 00:40:50.130
Tracy Kuhrt: we've increased since that point, have we done a good job of communicating what what guidelines exist when we onboard new projects i'm not sure that we've done a great job of that in the past and so maybe that's a you know, a question of how do we, how do we do a better job of.

280
00:40:51.600 --> 00:41:00.960
Tracy Kuhrt: Bringing along the history to new joiners new contributors new mean caterers new projects as they come into the hyper ledger foundation.

281
00:41:01.380 --> 00:41:15.060
Hart Montgomery: Totally you're absolutely right, and I also want to emphasize that we don't want to you know just sort of dump a bunch of mandates out on the Community right anything that we mandate would would be sort of.

282
00:41:16.860 --> 00:41:23.340
Hart Montgomery: Slow rolled if that's the right word, you know we'd want to you know we don't want to take.

283
00:41:23.880 --> 00:41:29.460
Hart Montgomery: We don't want to do this sort of all in one big massive chunk right, we want to do a little by little by little.

284
00:41:30.090 --> 00:41:40.920
Hart Montgomery: So something like our first mandate that we would want to see would be that every project would have to maintain owners or two people on the security.

285
00:41:41.670 --> 00:41:46.800
Hart Montgomery: Vote the security list for hyper ledger right, so this is how you this is how you know if someone.

286
00:41:47.550 --> 00:41:59.640
Hart Montgomery: files a bug or post something on hacker one this is how you get it right, and this is sort of like a very minimum low bar, you know, and I would be surprised if anyone were against sort of this being a mandate right.

287
00:42:01.980 --> 00:42:15.030
Hart Montgomery: Because it is such a low bar and it is something that you know projects would really have so we don't want to you know start with massive mandates, we want to start with sort of you know, small easy things like that.

288
00:42:16.170 --> 00:42:25.140
Hart Montgomery: And then we can gradually you know if things go well, introduce more stringent requirements, I hope this makes sense to everybody.

289
00:42:31.740 --> 00:42:37.680
Nathan George: yeah I just think of what this would have done to a project like borough where you know they might have had.

290
00:42:38.220 --> 00:42:44.490
Nathan George: A few maintain owners, but some of the maintains were a bit of a stretch because they were trying really hard to grow and recruit more contributors and and.

291
00:42:45.180 --> 00:42:56.220
Nathan George: And we're struggling to do so, and so you know I I don't think it's a question of reasonableness I think it's a question of you know how do we make these guidelines to where they.

292
00:42:57.120 --> 00:43:07.410
Nathan George: They help grow the project and we help make and show clear value or we use them as a marketing tool, or we we do things to try to align these.

293
00:43:07.980 --> 00:43:18.720
Nathan George: Extra steps with things that help bring customers in or help bring contributors in and hopefully convert them to maintain owners and that that's where some of these steps.

294
00:43:19.680 --> 00:43:33.570
Nathan George: They feel reasonable when we think Oh well, everyone has plenty of time to do them, but when we're kind of in the middle of one of those projects that's that's kind of trying to get that traction it can be hard to meet all these check boxes at once.

295
00:43:35.340 --> 00:43:40.890
Hart Montgomery: So Nathan borough was never an active project, so I don't think this would have ever applied to borough.

296
00:43:42.060 --> 00:43:56.520
Hart Montgomery: And I don't think this is meant to apply to you know projects that are getting started this is more of a steady state, you know long term, you know your project is in production, so we need to have confidence and its security kind of thing.

297
00:43:57.630 --> 00:43:58.740
Hart Montgomery: Does that answer the.

298
00:44:00.240 --> 00:44:00.750
Hart Montgomery: The comment.

299
00:44:02.190 --> 00:44:06.540
Nathan George: It helps um it just it feels like we're.

300
00:44:08.010 --> 00:44:16.110
Nathan George: we're adding enough requirements that we need to acknowledge that it creates more distance for those projects to cover to get where they're trying to go.

301
00:44:18.840 --> 00:44:19.170
Tracy Kuhrt: Right.

302
00:44:21.630 --> 00:44:25.500
Troy Ronda: yeah I you know, of course, with Nathan there.

303
00:44:26.580 --> 00:44:30.480
Troy Ronda: I am worried that we're not using enough perspective from the containers and.

304
00:44:31.920 --> 00:44:33.420
Troy Ronda: On these discussions right.

305
00:44:34.800 --> 00:44:46.050
Troy Ronda: I am worried about the same points about the loss of interest lost lost momentum is not just about this thing right it's just in general, the shift from.

306
00:44:47.370 --> 00:44:47.790
Troy Ronda: kind of.

307
00:44:48.900 --> 00:44:55.500
Troy Ronda: The coders voice to not is is is something we should be careful about.

308
00:44:56.940 --> 00:45:00.060
Troy Ronda: In in trying to attract projects and people's time.

309
00:45:07.200 --> 00:45:21.240
Tracy Kuhrt: might be worth the task force reaching out to the maintainer mailing list or the maintainer chat channel to have some of these conversations, to see if there's other sorts of input that like.

310
00:45:22.260 --> 00:45:26.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Like provided different perspective or idea or.

311
00:45:27.420 --> 00:45:35.460
Arun S M: i'm just wanted to understand the last concern that Troy raised is it more to understand, I mean is, it is it right you're asking how do we differentiate.

312
00:45:36.900 --> 00:45:43.980
Arun S M: Any issue against a CV or is it on the other, spectrum like on it is determined to be as a CV.

313
00:45:45.000 --> 00:45:49.530
Arun S M: Like, how do we protect our maintenance from having to do something in a given time.

314
00:45:50.760 --> 00:45:52.500
Troy Ronda: So it was just a general is just a general.

315
00:45:52.500 --> 00:45:53.160
Troy Ronda: comment that.

316
00:45:54.630 --> 00:45:57.450
Troy Ronda: I am worried that you know we're kind of shifting from.

317
00:45:58.500 --> 00:46:06.660
Troy Ronda: The the guidelines and growing projects and using the coders voice on on, for example, the tlc and shifting to.

318
00:46:07.980 --> 00:46:12.720
Troy Ronda: less so, and I think the less that the coders voices is here.

319
00:46:13.860 --> 00:46:18.720
Troy Ronda: The more trouble we will have growing projects and attracting interest so just a general comment that.

320
00:46:20.070 --> 00:46:21.090
Troy Ronda: I am a little concerned.

321
00:46:23.880 --> 00:46:24.600
Arun S M: Show thanks.

322
00:46:34.680 --> 00:46:44.070
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other comments or feedback for the security test worse my condition open sharing with us.

323
00:46:52.560 --> 00:47:01.290
Tracy Kuhrt: A real heart any questions that you have specifically for the thc that we can answer that we haven't already talked about.

324
00:47:06.810 --> 00:47:12.090
Arun S M: The wood tcp oh sorry at Peter is fine i'll go next if it.

325
00:47:15.990 --> 00:47:17.670
Peter Somogyvari: Just one last quick comment.

326
00:47:18.960 --> 00:47:20.130
Peter Somogyvari: On I think.

327
00:47:21.600 --> 00:47:34.470
Peter Somogyvari: The theme is here from people's comments, is that some people say oh yeah, we need better security may improve some people say Okay, but we don't want.

328
00:47:35.580 --> 00:47:45.870
Peter Somogyvari: That to cost us maintain owners who would otherwise be willing to be maintainer so contributors, but then because of the security.

329
00:47:46.950 --> 00:47:50.610
Peter Somogyvari: process David just shy away from hyper ledger.

330
00:47:51.660 --> 00:47:54.960
Peter Somogyvari: So I see both points being made.

331
00:47:56.340 --> 00:47:58.410
Peter Somogyvari: And then my full on that is.

332
00:47:59.820 --> 00:48:07.350
Peter Somogyvari: That we should keep this in mind, as a guest the mandates should not be too harsh.

333
00:48:08.400 --> 00:48:11.040
Peter Somogyvari: But all this will also keep in mind that.

334
00:48:12.210 --> 00:48:22.020
Peter Somogyvari: There is a bar there has to be Sir it's just a matter of where we set it and then variable reset it should really be the level there.

335
00:48:22.950 --> 00:48:36.720
Peter Somogyvari: They actually are confident saying well, if you want it to be a maintainer but you think this security bar is too high, then maybe it's better for everyone if if it's not happening actually.

336
00:48:38.190 --> 00:48:43.860
Peter Somogyvari: So that then we all have to be sort of confident and believing this.

337
00:48:45.720 --> 00:48:55.440
Peter Somogyvari: And then that way, this question this conundrum can be resolved in my opinion, in a way that everybody satisfied with it.

338
00:48:56.640 --> 00:49:00.030
Peter Somogyvari: So it's a it's a gradual thing and.

339
00:49:01.920 --> 00:49:06.900
Peter Somogyvari: They can set the bar got variable will be wanting, so I think we should focus on.

340
00:49:08.070 --> 00:49:14.670
Peter Somogyvari: Not better mandates are needed at all or not because I would say, there has to be some.

341
00:49:16.110 --> 00:49:22.140
Peter Somogyvari: But then we can we can keep working on very abortion with these mandates.

342
00:49:23.550 --> 00:49:29.700
Peter Somogyvari: Because there is a version of events where the bar is too high, and then they lose valuable.

343
00:49:30.450 --> 00:49:42.870
Peter Somogyvari: Before who would have been great maintain years and they would have put in some effort in security just maybe not the extreme that we said but there's also a version of events where there's no bar at all.

344
00:49:44.400 --> 00:49:57.120
Peter Somogyvari: And then, some people end up being maintainer some religious did not care about security at all, and I would try us to focus on staying somewhere in the middle, which is the optimal.

345
00:49:58.770 --> 00:49:59.130
Thank you.

346
00:50:02.730 --> 00:50:08.370
Hart Montgomery: yeah thanks for the comments Peter, and I want to reassure everyone that in all these meetings.

347
00:50:08.910 --> 00:50:16.650
Hart Montgomery: You know any mandates that we've talked about are extremely minimal the bar has been extremely low and it's been sort of things that.

348
00:50:16.980 --> 00:50:24.810
Hart Montgomery: You think about it here like you know if something if some project didn't do something you'd be like wow that's really bad that's embarrassing.

349
00:50:25.290 --> 00:50:31.920
Hart Montgomery: You know we're not we're not we don't want to start with a high bar, we want to start with something very, very low and very easy.

350
00:50:32.310 --> 00:50:46.560
Hart Montgomery: And we have talked to maintain owners and we have taken into account, you know how much extra work that these things would involve for maintainer and you know we do want to keep that is as small as possible.

351
00:50:47.850 --> 00:51:01.500
Hart Montgomery: So, so we have you know, a ruin is is leading this and doing a great job and we have addressed, we have thought about these issues and we don't want to scare anyone away with a too high, bar.

352
00:51:04.350 --> 00:51:06.000
Hart Montgomery: So I hope that all makes sense.

353
00:51:07.920 --> 00:51:08.400
Tracy Kuhrt: on time.

354
00:51:13.380 --> 00:51:13.740
Tracy Kuhrt: Time.

355
00:51:14.730 --> 00:51:21.060
Troy Ronda: yeah I mean I think everybody I shouldn't say everybody, but I think most will say security is important and.

356
00:51:24.000 --> 00:51:32.670
Troy Ronda: You know track tracking these these issues is important, and you know the downstream organizations that use these projects will probably agree with that.

357
00:51:34.020 --> 00:51:34.740
Troy Ronda: What we're should.

358
00:51:36.210 --> 00:51:47.790
Troy Ronda: But, but in some other ways, it will also drive you know the utility and the usefulness of these projects by these organizations and if they're not doing these things in the projects will be used right so.

359
00:51:49.110 --> 00:51:51.810
Troy Ronda: There is alternatives to the tasc.

360
00:51:53.250 --> 00:51:55.590
Troy Ronda: Trying to have unified uniform.

361
00:51:56.760 --> 00:52:05.430
Troy Ronda: High bars across all projects where it may make less sense, in certain cases right so that's that's kind of the problem with, I think.

362
00:52:06.540 --> 00:52:21.630
Troy Ronda: Setting the the the unified bar for for everybody, when these projects or even all in the same category so again like security is important tracking these things is important, especially in production organizations downstream from it will push from it.

363
00:52:23.850 --> 00:52:27.660
Troy Ronda: Besides, besides these kind of goals, but I think.

364
00:52:28.950 --> 00:52:29.280
Troy Ronda: You know.

365
00:52:30.690 --> 00:52:37.500
Troy Ronda: Keeping the maintainer is on board is is is is quite important and getting momentum is quite important traits so.

366
00:52:39.510 --> 00:52:53.880
Troy Ronda: It is tricky but uniform rules, I don't know that always works right so that's why guidelines is kind of a interesting way to be and yeah obviously things embarrassing should should be, it should be addressed.

367
00:52:58.410 --> 00:53:11.460
Hart Montgomery: yeah so try that those are all good points, and these have come up in our Security Task Force meetings, obviously, like you know, a blockchain explorer is going to need different security scrutiny.

368
00:53:12.570 --> 00:53:17.550
Hart Montgomery: than you know, a block chain itself right or cryptographic library or something like that.

369
00:53:19.200 --> 00:53:26.610
Hart Montgomery: You know we've thought about this, we have discussed this extensively, so I think you know we.

370
00:53:27.990 --> 00:53:30.870
Hart Montgomery: This is not something that we haven't considered.

371
00:53:31.950 --> 00:53:43.650
Hart Montgomery: You know, even if it I guess didn't make it into the recommendations document, but if you or anyone else you know is interested in this stuff and wants to talk about these issues i'd highly.

372
00:53:44.820 --> 00:53:58.290
Hart Montgomery: recommend coming to a task force meeting because I think a lot of the questions today we actually have addressed and have talked about in the task force meetings and they you know just they haven't percolated up to this document.

373
00:54:00.330 --> 00:54:05.280
Troy Ronda: yeah I mean that's just I think I got triggered and maybe others to on the you know.

374
00:54:06.750 --> 00:54:13.170
Troy Ronda: The offhand comment about downgrading projects where we're clear that that's that turns from.

375
00:54:13.890 --> 00:54:25.590
Troy Ronda: You know not not a discussion about fixing embarrassing things but to setting very high bars and being punitive rate and that when when it's when it's or something like that I think people's hairs go up right.

376
00:54:26.250 --> 00:54:38.760
Hart Montgomery: And, but you know we're just we just want to ask for like you know very minimal things right, you know we don't want to we don't want to punish anyone who's you know trying right.

377
00:54:40.770 --> 00:54:59.610
Hart Montgomery: So, so I think you know what we'll come up with something more concrete, I think, then these recommendations, and I think people will see that this is not like you know being punitive is not the goal right, we want to just we went to incentivize people to do the right thing.

378
00:55:04.020 --> 00:55:12.240
Hart Montgomery: So when we don't want to punish people for trying so, so I hope this I hope this makes sense, and I hope, like.

379
00:55:12.840 --> 00:55:27.150
Hart Montgomery: You know if if we can come back with sort of you know more concrete things that the tasc can actually vote on that that people will see that they're not you know excessively punitive and I don't think that a lot of these worries will.

380
00:55:28.230 --> 00:55:29.190
Hart Montgomery: will come to fruition.

381
00:55:32.490 --> 00:55:32.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Peter.

382
00:55:34.860 --> 00:55:41.580
Peter Somogyvari: Thus, I just wanted to agree with heart and try to also say it a different way that I just for us, which is that.

383
00:55:43.380 --> 00:55:44.790
Peter Somogyvari: Probably what we want to.

384
00:55:46.050 --> 00:55:55.050
Peter Somogyvari: avoid or protect against is this sort of legal term that I heard, which is gross negligence when.

385
00:55:56.190 --> 00:56:03.210
Peter Somogyvari: People cause some big trouble just by not giving at least a little bit of attention to something.

386
00:56:04.740 --> 00:56:05.370
Peter Somogyvari: So I think.

387
00:56:06.690 --> 00:56:16.230
Peter Somogyvari: If if if you phrase it that way, then everyone can agree that we should try to prevent those cases, you know if if there's a dlp project within hyper ledger.

388
00:56:17.310 --> 00:56:30.180
Peter Somogyvari: We should try to prevent issues they're huge amounts of money, money will be lost in a production deployment because someone didn't take five minutes to double check something.

389
00:56:31.650 --> 00:56:35.100
Peter Somogyvari: So I think the scope, if you think about it that way, then.

390
00:56:36.210 --> 00:56:42.030
Peter Somogyvari: It becomes visible why, at least a little bit of something is necessary.

391
00:56:43.980 --> 00:56:44.730
that's it Thank you.

392
00:56:45.900 --> 00:56:46.290
Tracy Kuhrt: All right.

393
00:56:47.310 --> 00:56:50.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Well, with that I think we're just about.

394
00:56:51.810 --> 00:56:58.710
Tracy Kuhrt: At the top of the hour, I appreciate all the thoughts in the comments and i'm sure the Security Task Force does as well.

395
00:56:59.130 --> 00:57:08.310
Tracy Kuhrt: I heard a room, thank you for bringing this to us and we look forward to having some concrete guidelines being brought forward to the tasc in the future.

396
00:57:08.850 --> 00:57:17.340
Tracy Kuhrt: For us to have a look at and commit and hopefully work through the the process of deciding whether or not.

397
00:57:17.910 --> 00:57:30.390
Tracy Kuhrt: The guideline is something that we want to bring to the different hyper ledger projects so with that i'm going to close today's meeting, thank you all for your time and we will talk again soon.

398
00:57:31.560 --> 00:57:32.370
Hart Montgomery: Excellent Tracy.

