1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190613 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Jun 13, 2019

Agenda:

1. Test update
2. Doc Jira issue [![](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&avatarId=10318&avatarType=issuetype)FAB-15462](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-15462) - Add Interoperability Docs to Fabric Docs In Progress , thanks to Chris Gabriel
   
   1. David (SAP) has created the patch set for the markdown doc. [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31618](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__gerrit.hyperledger.org_r_c_fabric_-2B_31618&d=DwMGaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=G5PayAhycqvHieFCA_65e7W7Nz0k6m9p7kHd7UnSEX8&m=hK3ChndzDWMNgrNvusOaUPxcixrazdry1S8vOWPFGm4&s=zwzqAucmOz4cjh0YsflZjjuCYs8ReZl8qtOl8dzRXZ0&e=)
3. Code review the dashboard and patch set to sample repo.
   
   1. Tong (IBM) has started the work for the patch set.
4. ToDo:
   
   1. Docker image location? (Tong), working with LF.
   2. Create markdown file for org adding document (Chris &amp; David &amp; Tong), please review
5. Do we need more of these meetings consider we have a solution already?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
