1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190131 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Jan 31, 2019

Agenda

1. After all proposals, we like to make a decision on how we move forward, further discuss SAP's proposal [https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit)
   
   - Key points:
     
     - New org initiates or existing org(s) invite new orgs, information of the new org is delivered to existing org via out of band means (not defined, could be emails between the business stake holders, phone calls etc.)
     - Existing org use the information to start the new org join process
     - Existing org admins signs and retrieves channel update proposals
     - Special chaincode is to be installed on each channel which existing orgs agree to be expanded
     - Chaincode provides an all agreed upon interfaces(APIs) for client application to be developed to facilitate the working flow.
   - Proposal work flow:

<!--THE END-->

![](attachments/22840510/22840525.png?height=250)

- Suggestions to the proposal:
  
  - Replace the term customer to be organization
  - Remove reference to term "vendor"

<!--THE END-->

1. An distributed client application (maybe a reference implementation) is needed to allow admins to bring in new orgs to expand network without command line operations
2. Identify development tasks:
   
   1. Special chaincode interface discussion
   2. Special chaincode development
   3. Reference client app framework
   4. Reference client app UI pannel
   5. Standardize org join info requirement, format(json, or yaml)?

Meeting minutes - Tong (IBM)

1. The WG has the agreement on all the 5 key points and moving forward with the proposal
2. The WG agreed to work on the chaincode interface and development first, then considering developing a client UI based application
3. The WG will work on the proposal, improve and vote on, eventually release the document as one of the formal working group products
4. The WG agreed to cancel the next week meeting due to Chinese new year and resume the meeting on Feb 14th.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Screen Shot 2019-01-31 at 7.36.41 AM.png](attachments/22840510/22840525.png) (image/png)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
