1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20191010 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Oct 10, 2019

1. Doc Jira issue [![](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&avatarId=10318&avatarType=issuetype)FAB-15462](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-15462) - Add Interoperability Docs to Fabric Docs In Progress , thanks to Chris Gabriel
   
   1. David (SAP) has created the patch set for the markdown doc. [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31618](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__gerrit.hyperledger.org_r_c_fabric_-2B_31618&d=DwMGaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=G5PayAhycqvHieFCA_65e7W7Nz0k6m9p7kHd7UnSEX8&m=hK3ChndzDWMNgrNvusOaUPxcixrazdry1S8vOWPFGm4&s=zwzqAucmOz4cjh0YsflZjjuCYs8ReZl8qtOl8dzRXZ0&e=)
   2. The patch set has been updated 3 times, need committers to review. Some comments have been posted, need new patch set and how to address these comments
      
   
   <!--THE END-->
   
   1. comments and next steps, where should the doc go formally?
2. CMCC dashboard docker image will be placed under hyperledger account once the lab project gets created. This is a ToDo for Tong since we have the repo setup now.
3. Discuss the heterogeneous Chain interop. Direction on how to proceed.
   
   1. Should it be done? Yes?
   2. How should it be done? It seems that the effort "should be a new lab project".

[Like](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/20190912+Meeting)Be the first to like this

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
