1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190808 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Aug 08, 2019

Agenda

1. Doc Jira issue [![](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&avatarId=10318&avatarType=issuetype)FAB-15462](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-15462) - Add Interoperability Docs to Fabric Docs In Progress , thanks to Chris Gabriel
   
   1. David (SAP) has created the patch set for the markdown doc. [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31618](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__gerrit.hyperledger.org_r_c_fabric_-2B_31618&d=DwMGaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=G5PayAhycqvHieFCA_65e7W7Nz0k6m9p7kHd7UnSEX8&m=hK3ChndzDWMNgrNvusOaUPxcixrazdry1S8vOWPFGm4&s=zwzqAucmOz4cjh0YsflZjjuCYs8ReZl8qtOl8dzRXZ0&e=)
   2. The patch set has been updated 3 times, need committers to review. I will reach out to Chris Gabriel for updates or holdups.
   
   <!--THE END-->
   
   1. Code need to be reviewed to merge, pull request owner can not approve the request
2. [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-consortium-management](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-consortium-management)
   
   1. Tong has submitted the dashboard code to the repo,
   2. pull request [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-consortium-management/pull/2](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-consortium-management/pull/2)
   3. Working group now has a home to hold its code and docs.
3. CMCC dashboard docker image will be placed under hyperledger account once the lab project gets created. Once the code is in the repo, we can do this.
4. Justitia proposal. Rui talked to Tong last night, he agreed to merge the work/ideas from justitia into Cello project.
5. Tong has suggested to merge this working group work into Cello as well.
6. Discuss the draft of CMCC interface definition document:  [![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wrKEdI065WFJCGvBWe1Cf-hGsfpg30kXOAFhUbEj1ZQ/edit)

[Like](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/20190711+Meeting)Be the first to like this

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
