1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190321 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Mar 21, 2019

Agenda:

1. [Scenario and Scope](Scenario-and-Scope_22840540.html) modified according to the comments. Tong will be working with the wiki admin to lock the document. a markdown document will be produced and contributed to fabric repo.
2. When send request to an admin, what do we expect to send in the email?
   
   1. certs, anchor peer endpoint, names, individually or
   2. configtxgen produced json file which has everything in
3. Once we have expanded networks, assume participaters joined SAP provided orderering system, we do some tx, things to discuss
   
   1. what chaincode should we try? all operations of the chaincode?
   2. tx rate, light or heavy?
   3. endorsement policy? what kind of policy should we set to these channels? Can we have an agreement on the policy so that all who provides channels can set the policy.
4. Test progress reporting
5. UI program, David/Dennis, when can we have the UI app?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
