1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190110 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Jan 11, 2019

#### Agenda

1. Welcome
2. State, discuss and confirm the purpose of the working group
3. Finding people to record meeting minutes for each meeting?
4. Do we need a Rocket.chat channel for this working group?
5. General process of adding a new org to an existing network (Contributed by Murali, thanks Murali)
   
   1. relevant orgs agree to add the Org
   2. create the config updates
   3. collect signatures on the config updates to satisfy the policy
   4. submit the updates
6. Proposals discussion on how to do new org join channel, key problems
   
   1. how to pass around these signatures?
   2. who should receive signature request and how?
   3. who (the new org or one of the admins in the channel) eventually make channel updates?
7. What tool do we want to use to do all the work?

Proposals:

1. Kompitech (Jiri Broulik)
2. SAP (Brian McKellar)
3. Leizu (Kai Chen)
4. A special channel (Tong Li)

Meeting minutes - Tong(IBM):

1. The stated purpose and goals were confirmed by the participates.
2. Rocket.chat channel is the optional as a communication means and has been created. named #fabric-interoperability on Rocket.chat. discussed focused on how to join new org to an existing network, essentially how we grow network, reduce the size of the network has also been briefly discussed. The proposals listed in the proposal section have all been introduced though not in details. Main ideas are

<!--THE END-->

1. 1. Use of Chaincode
   2. Starting party of process initiation (invite vs request)
   3. Web application with local storage (Leizu)
   4. Special Fabric channel per orderering cluster
2. Consensus is that there need to be application which provides endpoints to all people to interact with.

      For next meeting: Authors of these proposal to provide flow chart for further discussion.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
