1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190523 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on May 23, 2019

Agenda:

1. Test update
2. Doc Jira issue
   
   Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
   
   , thanks to Chris Gabriel
3. Code review the dashboard and patch set to sample repo
4. Next step:
   
   1. Docker image location? (Tong)
   2. Create markdown file for org adding document (Chris &amp; David &amp; Tong)
   3. Create patch set to the sample repo (Tong will take this task)
5. Do we need more of these meetings consider we have a solution already?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
