1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q4 2019](Q4-2019_22841301.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2019 11 15 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified by Pam Andrejko on Nov 15, 2019

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

This week's agenda:

1. V2.0 release status: Pam/Joe
2. Documentation style technology
3. Measuring Performance - follow-up
4. MSP - Key concepts and Operations [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/34174/](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/34174/)
   

## Discussion

1. Release notes
   
   1. 1.4.4.
      
      1. Released today
      2. Small bug fixes for subsequent releases
   2. 2.0 for release
      
      1. December beta candidate, release in Q1
      2. Chaincode launcher work and docs
      3. Updgrade docs significantly refreshed for V2
      4. CI upgrade to GitHub for docs, must be done by Dec 31, due to Jenkins deadline
      5. Shut down V2.0 source builds early December for beta release candidate.
2. Documentation style technology
   
   1. Besu style still being looked into. No immediate changes.
3. Performance docs
   
   1. JIRA opened for Performance approach and strategy:
      
      Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
   2. Today talk about: Performance docs
      
      1. Concepts, Tasks and Reference as framework. Useful concept material can be in Fabric Docs.  Reference should refer  to Fabric Performance Site.  Thoughts required on Task material – i.e. how to use.
      2. Wait for 2.0 and RAFT to document work as best advise.
      3. Q1 timeframe for new Performance topic.
4. MSP topic discussion:
   
   01. Refer to : [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/34174/](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/34174/)
   02. Work based off existing docs
   03. The approach is to refine, restructure, re-order rather than rewrite.
   04. MSP and Department terminology are helpful.
   05. Chris G positive feedback on MSP topic. Pam: lots of work to be done
   06. OU is important concept, especially given that CAs are used to create identities.  OU is important and related closely to department.
   07. Diagrams from Pam.
       
       1. Walked through MSP creation and usage process.
       2. Jim: this is task oriented material, and helpful.  Also helpful to have real world example for conceptual example, e.g. credit card example.
       3. Chris F example. Bank consortium example - who holds certificates vs who holds peers.  3 types of users.  Orgs, (peer and orderer) and client application users.
       4. Discussion on MSP tiering models - Jim. Logical vs physical architecture.
   08. Care with How-To information in concept quide
   09. Updated folder structure. Clarified node OU. Advise on deprecated nature of AdminCerts.
   10. Updates on Keystore discussion and HSM relationship
   11. Joe's comments: Discussion on Identity and Membership.
   12. Clarifications on using YAML file. One will be required as recommendation
   13. Nik comments: Concepts vs operations framing/lens and comparisons between. Reiterate importance of constant refinement.
   14. Local, Org and Channel MSP discussion.

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
