1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190117 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Jan 16, 2019

#### Agenda

#### Org join continued proposal discussion, each to present the design and we will propose changes, combine and find a solution.

1. 1. Kompitech (Jiri Broulik)
   2. SAP (Brian McKellar)
   3. Leizu (Kai Chen) (The org join part from Leizu I assume)
   4. A special channel (Tong Li)

Meeting minutes - Xiang Wang (accelor.io):

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
