1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Hyperledger Fabric SDKs](Hyperledger-Fabric-SDKs_22839771.html)
4. [Hyperledger Fabric SDK Py](Hyperledger-Fabric-SDK-Py_22840458.html)
5. [Meeting Minutes - Fabric SDK Python](Meeting-Minutes---Fabric-SDK-Python_22839664.html)
6. [2019-Q2](2019-Q2_22840845.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2019-04-04

Created by Dixing Xu, last modified on May 22, 2019

Meeting will be held at [zoom](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup) (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [rocketchat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py "https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py") (for text chat) at:

- 11:00AM (UTC-2)
- 02:00PM (UTC+1)
- 06:30PM (UTC+0530)
- 09:00PM (UTC+8)

<!--THE END-->

- [Ongoing Jira task](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20%28%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22%29%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py)
- [Open Patchset for review](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open)
- [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4")

#### Agenda

Feel free to update before the meeting.

- release plan by [MichaelWang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:35ce5cac-0116-4c3e-b534-b8a70e9bdfe3?ref=confluence)

#### Attendee

**Please put your name before the meeting.**

- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [MichaelWang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:35ce5cac-0116-4c3e-b534-b8a70e9bdfe3?ref=confluence)
- [Dixing Xu](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cd50c900-e1ff-4489-b6ea-bbeeced4eb6d?ref=confluence)
- [Kelvin Moutet](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:f79cbe53-e459-4430-97c0-2bdb72f308bd?ref=confluence)
- [GuillaumeCisco](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:973e7ce0-1be1-4ab5-8395-b1416a2d4033?ref=confluence)

#### Minutes

- [GuillaumeCisco](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:973e7ce0-1be1-4ab5-8395-b1416a2d4033?ref=confluence) will discuss with the CI team on the pip3 issue;
- [MichaelWang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:35ce5cac-0116-4c3e-b534-b8a70e9bdfe3?ref=confluence) will cut the v0.8.0 release before next meeting.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
