1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q4 2019](Q4-2019_22841301.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2019 12 20 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified on Dec 20, 2019

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

Agenda for this week is:

- DWG meetings for 2019/2020
  
  1. This is the last meeting of 2019
  2. DWG meetings will restart Friday Jan 10 2020
- V2.0 release status: Pam/Joe
  
  - Beta and GA
- Operations Guide — early proposal and reaction (Joe)

Early announcement for upcoming calls:

- Early announce of ledger API walk-through on first call next year (Anthony)
- Recap discussion with Rich Zhao, Pam and team on Chinese national language translations for Fabric
- Early announce of possible IOT Blockchain demo from Chris G early in new year

## Discussion

1. Release Status
   
   1. V2
      
      1. Beta is now available and docs in very good shape.
      2. Assuming GA in Q1, no final date decided.
      3. Really important to read upgrade docs before migrating
      4. 2.0 requires rebuild of state databases and other significant time consuming activities
   2. 1.4
      
      1. LTS release including 1.4.5 bug-fix release is in-plan
2. Operations Guide
   
   01. Refer to: [![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XwEFY6MhuHahFglci26aUck7x4qFRDEI-qSOVr74WKY/edit?usp=sharing)
   02. Joe walks the team through this material
   03. Structure of Operations Guide needs work
   04. Break into sections within operations guide - discussion on this structure
   05. CA docs are relevant issue
       
       1. Should Fabric CA docs be integrated?
       2. All 3 options outlined in discussion
   06. Anthony on using lifecycle to inform structure of topics
       
       1. start with identity and use build network to inform TOC structure
   07. Agree that CA docs need to be integrated fully
       
       1. Joe outlined how this might happen
       2. Close relationship to MSP
       3. Root CA and ICA need to  be advised as best practice
   08. Chris: Should have a DWG focus day on CAs
   09. Need more guidance on burying Root CA from Chris
       
       1. per best practice – Root CA should never be online
       2. Analogy with AWS discussion cluster defaults
   10. Discussed CA, Peer, OS... running order
       
       1. New material and re-orged material will be needed.
   11. Non-functional aspects, e.g. security, performance, reliability, HA discussed
   12. Tried a few different layout ideas to organize
   13. Planning guide vs Operations guide
   14. Importance of Kubernetes discussed
       
       1. Impact on Fabric operations guide of K8s
       2. How to deploy CA in kubernetes

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
