1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20190124 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Jan 24, 2019

Agenda

#### Org join continued proposal discussion, each to present the design and we will propose changes, combine and find a solution.

1. 1. Surya Lanka to share the join organization flow and scenarios
   2. Kompitech (Jiri Broulik)
   3. SAP (Brian McKellar)
   4. A special channel (Tong Li), shared info concerns among admins of organizations.

Meeting minutes - Xiang Wang ([accelor.io](http://accelor.io)):

1\. Surya's introduction of the org joining network flow and scenarios  
Scenario 1 (Application level channel) was adopted. If a new org is brought in, all peers from this new organization are allowed to participate in the application that has already exists.  
Scenario 2 (Orderer level channel) is too complicated and more information needed for further disscussion.

2\. Jiri and David's proposal  
Management chaincode: is a simple mechanism for collecting signatures(the existing one is Fabric communitcation medium).  
To be decided next time.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
