1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Archives](Archives_22840389.html)
3. [Fabric Interop Working Group](Fabric-Interop-Working-Group_22839518.html)
4. [Interop Meetings](Interop-Meetings_22840492.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 20191114 Meeting

Created by Tong Li, last modified on Nov 14, 2019

## WE ARE HAVING TECHNICAL ISSUES WITH ZOOM. THIS MEETING IS NOW MOVED TO DEC. 12.

1. Doc Jira issue [![](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&avatarId=10318&avatarType=issuetype)FAB-15462](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-15462) - Add Interoperability Docs to Fabric Docs In Progress , thanks to Chris Gabriel
   
   1. David (SAP) has created the patch set for the markdown doc. [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31618](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__gerrit.hyperledger.org_r_c_fabric_-2B_31618&d=DwMGaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=G5PayAhycqvHieFCA_65e7W7Nz0k6m9p7kHd7UnSEX8&m=hK3ChndzDWMNgrNvusOaUPxcixrazdry1S8vOWPFGm4&s=zwzqAucmOz4cjh0YsflZjjuCYs8ReZl8qtOl8dzRXZ0&e=)
   2. The patch set has been updated 3 times, need committers to review. Some comments have been posted, need new patch set and how to address these comments
      
      1. I have updated the patch quite few times.
   
   <!--THE END-->
   
   1. comments and next steps, where should the doc go formally?
      
      1. Patch was not accepted and was recommended to stay in the WiKi
2. Finish up this project!!!

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
