1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q2 2020](Q2-2020_22841811.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2020 05 29 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified on May 29, 2020

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

Agenda:

- Release status: Pam/Joe
  
  - Fabric 2.1.1 release this week. 2.2.0 (LTS) is early July
- Contributors topic for new languages(standing topic)
  
  - pipfile edits [https://github.com/rst77/fabric-docs/blob/master/docs/Pipfile](https://github.com/rst77/fabric-docs/blob/master/docs/Pipfile)
- Proposal to move all languages under Fabric Repo by Arnaud LeHors. See [RocketChat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-maintainers?msg=LQDvKhLXbMCWHsgbM).
- Local build issue on Ubuntu with native HTML.
- Continuation of discussion from last week around "organizational resources folder structure".

## Discussion

**Eastern hemisphere call**

1. Review of release status: [https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104)
   
   1. Covered all major discussion points from last week's call
2. Aneena on ML progress
   
   1. Local builds working well
   2. Local forks now building in RTD.
      
      1. See example build: [https://fabric-docs-ml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://fabric-docs-ml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
   3. Aneena resolved some PDF Latex build issues during the week
      
      1. Addresses with custom RTD build file
      2. Allows anyone to do ML build
3. Review of Git book:Â [https://git-scm.com/](https://git-scm.com/)
   
   1. Agreed importance of understanding concepts for new contributors
   2. Great for students to learn git concepts and practice
4. Git working practice example walkthrough
   
   1. Explained upstream, origin and local clone
   2. Working with branches
   3. Working as contributor demo
   4. Working as a maintainer demo
   5. Resync-ing with the upstream
   6. Building new branch with RTD
5. Recording uploaded.

**Western hemisphere call**

1. Release Status
   
   01. Preparation for 2.2. LTS release, July slated
   02. 2.1.1 bug fix stablization release
   03. 2.2 slated early July
   04. Config transaction library slated for 2.2.
   05. Deployment guide
   06. Snapshot/checkpoint in preparation for next LTS
   07. SDK GO for 2.2
   08. EOL 1.4 discussion started
       
       1. Contributor meeting
       2. Need clarity on this
   09. In favour of bringing translations into Fabric repo
   10. Discussion on WASM discussion
2. Renato on Pt\_BR support
   
   01. Pipenv specifics
   02. Building docs nicely now
   03. Translated Introduction
   04. Looking very promising
   05. Working with Chapter in Brazil to build a community in effort
   06. Focussed on having something real
       
       1. create and interest
   07. Looking to Renato for guidance and suggestions on how to work
   08. What will be the process on update to contents
       
       1. How do English language propogations
       2. The process is important
   09. Demonstrating a repeatable process
   10. Worksheet for other teams to get started
   11. Spanish, Italian and Greek.
   12. A single page would be sufficient
   13. Renato and Aneena can help too
3. Quick update on ML progress
   
   1. As per above
4. Arnaud asking about timing for multiple translated content to live alongside English documentation
   
   1. Historically done for POC, prototype reasons
   2. Concern about extra PRs and issue tracking noise
   3. The process for translation is importance
      
      1. Awareness
      2. Refactoring
      3. To keep translations fresh
   4. Validate or address quality of translations
      
      1. this is repo-independent
   5. We are at inflection point
      
      1. What would facilitate good translations
   6. In general maintainers seem keen to have doc with code
      
      1. logistical point
      2. Maintainers for per language
      3. All very doable
   7. Maybe a different repository structure would approve
      
      1. This could help the process
      2. Maybe a separate languages repository
      3. This can help the process
   8. Soft launch
      
      1. HL Labs
      2. Anthony to doc during the week
      3. Invite Arnaud to this call next week
   9. Local build issue on Ubuntu with native HTML.
      
      1. resolved by Renato
      2. Maybe carry over to main repo
5. Continuation of discussion from last week around "organizational resources folder structure".
   
   1. Conceptual structure now focusses on the organization
   2. Incorporated comments
   3. improved images
   4. "Decide on structure of folders and certificates" vs certificate pathing
   5. Draft PR being reviewed by CA owners
   6. Lots of opportunity to review
   7. Will move on to peer and ordering service deployment
6. Uploaded recording

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
