1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q4 2020](Q4-2020_22842281.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2020 12 11 DWG Agenda

Created by Pam Andrejko, last modified on Jan 05, 2021

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- Next meeting **Jan 15** Andrew Coleman joins us for a discussion on the new Fabric Gateway work

Agenda

- Release status: Pam/Joe: Dashboard: [https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104)
  
  - Channel Participation API
    
    - [Doc updates](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-18342), removal of the term "consortium" - Joe
      
      - Latest PR: [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/pull/2208/files](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/pull/2208/files)
    - Test network Sample update - Will/Julian
  - Programming model update:
    
    - Node SDK 1.4.15 release [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v1.4.15](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v1.4.15)
    - Node SDK 2.2.4 release [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v2.2.4](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v2.2.4)
    - Go SDK rc1 - GA end of the year or first thing in new year
  - Samples status - Chris/Nik
- Fabric Docs translation video update (David)
  
  - New Fabric Docs Translation Campaign [Wiki](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DT/Documentation+Translation+Campaign)
- 2021 Documentation Goals: make it easier to use and update
  
  - Currency/Tech Debt:
    
    - Prune [Jira Backlog](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=119&view=planning&issueLimit=100)
    - Finish system channel remove/update Test network &amp; tutorial
    - Getting Started
      
    - Add/Remove Raft ordering node tutorial
    - Content Refresh
      
      - Do we still need 2 Introductions?
      - Arch Reference topic
  - Encourage users to migrate off of older releases/Deprecation banner on earlier release topics
  - Fabric Documentation Translation Campaign
  - New [Deprecations Strategy and Page](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-18375)
  - How can we improve Caliper and Explorer Docs
  - Add/Remove Raft ordering node tutorial
  - Assess need for Migration Guide. How to get from 1.x to 3.x - or is this even possible? If not add intervening page telling them this is not possible
    
  - SDK doc updates for Fabric Gateway
  - Gossip re-architecture could be big.
  - Tokens
  - Doc more usage with channel management config library &amp;&amp; Improved tooling for interactie edit and verification of config blocks
  - Node Backup and Restore

![](attachments/22842459/22842517.png?height=400)

## Discussion

Minutes:

1. See Joe's Jira for updates on progress with removal of system channel from docs.
2. Test network samples update - using osnadmin CLI
   
   1. Creating app channel genesis block instead of system channel
   2. directly joning the orderers to create the channel
   3. anchor peer update is tricky because test network is using deprecated feature of configtxgen
   4. restructure and refactor to reuse what we can for org1 and org2 peers.
   5. Do we need a different CLI container per org? Or can we reuse a single CLI container
      
      1. Nik's suggestion - move away from using the container all together. could require that \`jq\` is available?
      2. Chris: Could keep a single CLI and swap environment variables
      3. Is the CLI container deprecated in the Fabric tools?
   6. For the most part these updates are transparent to the users of the test network and should require just small updates to the Test network tutorial doc.
3. Completed video targeted for around the end of Feb
   
   1. Plan is to reach out to the translators in the next few days for contact info for the videos.
4. Goals
   
   1. updated list above

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Fabric 2021 Roadmap.png](attachments/22842459/22842514.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Fabric roadmap.png](attachments/22842459/22842517.png) (image/png)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
