1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q1 2020](Q1-2020_22841524.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2020 03 20 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified on Mar 20, 2020

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

1. Release status:
   
   1. Pam/Joe Dashboard: [https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10104)
   2. Contributor call recap.
2. Contributors topic for new languages
   
3. How to do a small doc change
   
   1. End to end walk-through from Joe Alewine
4. HLF internals docs
5. Create channel tutorial
6. BFT update
7. LTS RFC update
8. Fabric CA Deployment updates
   
   1. Including Considerations when using Kubernetes and Docker
      
   2. use of -M in place of FABRIC\_CA\_CLIENT\_MSPDIR env var [https://hyperledger-fabric-ca.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/clientcli.html](https://hyperledger-fabric-ca.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/clientcli.html)
      
   3. added \`--enrollment.profile tls\` when enrolling with the TLS ca

## Discussion

1. Release status: Pam, Joe
   
   1. Config transaction library - create some higher level transactions for updating channels etc
   2. Hadera hashgraph also discussed on contributors call
   3. BFT work proceeding
   4. Deployment guide progress
   5. Test network progress
   6. CA doc in good shape
   7. Google doc being created for checkpoint/archive. RFC soon
   8. Go smart contracts already in
   9. Go SDK doing well
2. Contributors topic for new languages
   
   1. Need ability for other users to show how to do this
   2. Need help from Rich Zhao
   3. Keep as aide memoir here
3. Small doc change video tutorial from Jo
4. HLF documentation
   
   01. Quick review. Very valuable
   02. How to maintain, how is it kept current
   03. PPT is not ideal
   04. Live in markdown, and keep it current
   05. Great content
   06. if it were in markdown, much easier to maintain
   07. Sit in 1.4 repo, and go through changes at right time as it evolved
   08. Architecture reference material for peers and chaincode container is excellent
   09. What are key concepts below in the docs
   10. Architecture reference material
   11. Developer related information
   12. Who is the target personae for this content
   13. This looks like great low level design document
   14. Would use it for debugging – for developing fabric content, but could some of it be relevant for end user developers
       
       1. Look at repo for design docs
   15. It uses old lifecycle, rather then new lifecycle – needs to be update for 2.0
   16. Could write a tool to say how close doc code was to actual code
   17. really great material – who is the consumer, not relevant for chaincode developer
   18. needs to be shaped for the right auidence
   19. How much needs to be in the docs
   20. Get feedback from the community on progress
   21. full stack developers right now
   22. this is useful for most developers in the real world
   23. DWG interested in content even as-is
   24. Need to have information out there
   25. It's very low level
   26. First few slides, drop too low for customer
5. Other topics deferred to next week

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
