1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q1 2020](Q1-2020_22841524.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2020 02 21 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified by Pam Andrejko on Feb 21, 2020

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [2020 02 21 DWG Agenda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/resumedraft.action?draftId=22841644)

## Announcements

Agenda:

## Discussion

1. Release status: Pam/Joe
   
   1. 1.4.5 Fabric and CA are released: [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.4.5.](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.4.5) Minor bug fixes
2. Deployment Guide
   
   1. Process Overview
   2. CA Deployment
3. LTS on 1.4 and 2.x discussion - Anthony (as raised on Eastern hemi call) See contributor meeting recording from Jan 22,2020 [Contributor Meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Contributor+Meetings)
   
   1. Dave Enyeart will be creating an RFC describing the agreed to process.
4. Latest status on tokens requested

## Discussion

1. Jim noticed in the Fabric 1.4.5 release notes some important bug fixes that make it worth using v1.4.5 over 1.4.4
2. Deployment Guide - 83 comments addressed so far by Joe. Would like to merge this afternoon so we can proceed with the Deployment instructions for the CA.
3. CA Deployment instructions
   
   1. Need to do a better job explaining the configuration options. Specifically the precedence order for override vs. the actual order you should be using to make configuration changes. There was a good extensive discussion on the reasons for using env variables for overrides vs. the cons of doing that.
   2. Chris pointed out that the CA server config option --cfg.affiliations.allowremove and --cfg.identities.allowremove are important to describe to avoid trouble later on.
   3. Jim reminded us that a deployment Troubleshooting topic that addresses common pitfalls would be very useful.
   4. In the target audience we should mention that readers should be experienced and familiar with TLS, PKI, MSPs..... astrophysics &amp; the meaning of life...
4. From Dave E. no LTS strategy in the documentation yet. He'll submit an RFC first for LTS support and then we can decide if something additional is needed in the docs. Joe - do other open source projects doc their LTS strategy in their docs?
5. +2 interest on the token status, especially around what types of tokens will be supported. Will wait for Anthony to share what he knows about this on the next call.

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
