1. [Hyperledger Fabric](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Fabric](Hyperledger-Fabric_22839309.html)
3. [Documentation Working Group](Documentation-Working-Group_22839782.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_22839778.html)
5. [Q1 2020](Q1-2020_22841524.html)

# Hyperledger Fabric : 2020 02 14 DWG Agenda

Created by Anthony O'Dowd, last modified by Pam Andrejko on Feb 14, 2020

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [2020 02 14 DWG Agenda](2020-02-14-DWG-Agenda_22841636.html)

## Announcements

Agenda:

1. Release status: Pam/Joe
   
   1. Style Guide was merged [https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style\_guide.html](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style_guide.html)
      
   2. Cherry picking and Squash and commit
2. New CC Lifecycle Tutorial Draft PR: [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/pull/666](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/pull/666)
3. Deployment Guide
   
   1. Process Overview
   2. CA Deployment
4. LTS on 1.4 and 2.x discussion - Anthony (as raised on Eastern hemi call) See contributor meeting recording from Jan 22,2020 [Contributor Meetings 2019](Contributor-Meetings-2019_22840713.html)
   
   1. Add LTS policy topic?
5. Latest status on tokens requested

## Discussion

1. &lt;Minutes&gt;

Video of this week's session at: [Recordings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/fabric/Recordings)

## Squashing commits

Squashing commit before a merge is important so that you can cherry-pick the PR to another branch.

- Make sure your branch is up to date with the master branch.
- Run git rebase -i master.
- You should see a list of commits, each commit starting with the word "pick".
- Make sure the first commit says "pick" and change the rest from "pick" to "squash". -- This will squash each commit into the previous commit, which will continue until every commit is squashed into the first commit.
- Save and close the editor.
- It will give you the opportunity to change the commit message.
- Save and close the editor again.
- Then you have to force push the final, squashed commit to your branch.

## Cherry-picking across release branches

In the following example we want to cherry-pick a commit from the master branch into the release-2.0 branch:

git checkout release-2.0  
if your branch is behind run git pull 

After running this command you might see:

- Switched to branch 'release-2.0'
- Your branch is behind 'upstream/release-2.0' by 5 commits, and can be fast-forwarded.

Therefore:

- Use "git pull" to update your local branch
- git push origin release-2.0

git checkout -b &lt;my2.0branch&gt;  
git cherry-pick &lt;sha from master branch&gt;  
git push origin &lt;my2.0branch&gt; 

Then create a PR off of your branch **to the release-2.0 branch.**

## Quarterly reports

## Upcoming reports

## Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:21

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
