WEBVTT

1
00:00:16.440 --> 00:00:22.320
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, welcome everybody to the July 14 type of major technical steering committee meeting.

2
00:00:23.820 --> 00:00:35.700
Tracy Kuhrt: I guess we've all gone through this before, but the antitrust policy notice is displayed on the screen, you must abide by that and the code of conduct, that is, in our agenda.

3
00:00:36.870 --> 00:00:53.460
Tracy Kuhrt: So for the announcements we have our standard announcement, which is the weekly developer newsletter goes out each Friday, if you have something that you want to be included in that newsletter please leave a comment on the wiki page sentence link in the agenda.

4
00:00:54.540 --> 00:01:06.270
Tracy Kuhrt: The second announcement, the Charter changes have been dropped it with lf legal there's been some additions around just when the election is going to be held.

5
00:01:07.500 --> 00:01:24.150
Tracy Kuhrt: into some other clarifications sort of like the changes that have been drafted there in the agenda if there is anything in there, that you seen that is of concern, please take a look in that tart and.

6
00:01:25.560 --> 00:01:47.520
Tracy Kuhrt: The hyper ledger folks know, to ensure that that gets included, I believe that has been added to the agenda for the governing board we Monday, so I will at least have some sort of update hopefully next week on what comes out of that whether or not the Charter is actually going to change.

7
00:01:49.410 --> 00:01:52.650
Tracy Kuhrt: Are there any other announcements that anybody has.

8
00:02:02.370 --> 00:02:03.990
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay Bobby.

9
00:02:07.440 --> 00:02:19.950
Bobbi Muscara: Thanks Tracy, I just wanted to give some of the maintainer is on the call a heads up the task documentation Task Force might be sending through the discord a quick survey it's only a few multiple choice questions.

10
00:02:20.580 --> 00:02:24.450
Bobbi Muscara: But just to keep an eye out for that, for each one of the projects and tools.

11
00:02:27.090 --> 00:02:31.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Bobby any other announcements that anybody would like to make.

12
00:02:40.230 --> 00:02:47.700
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so there's no other announcements we did get to quarterly reports that came in cactus and fabric.

13
00:02:49.020 --> 00:02:59.850
Tracy Kuhrt: I saw one question and I didn't know it was a question that you asked on cactus around whether or not it was a.

14
00:03:00.600 --> 00:03:15.810
Tracy Kuhrt: place where we thought the main here is we're ready to take that to get graduate it or not, so Peter I don't know you have seen that question yet or not, but maybe put you on the spot and see if you might provide us with an answer.

15
00:03:18.960 --> 00:03:19.980
Peter Somogyvari: Right yes.

16
00:03:21.630 --> 00:03:23.550
Peter Somogyvari: i'm asking the question your policies.

17
00:03:24.870 --> 00:03:27.390
Peter Somogyvari: I would say they're getting ready.

18
00:03:28.470 --> 00:03:37.920
Peter Somogyvari: To apply for the graduate status it just want to find lies some details on.

19
00:03:39.300 --> 00:03:45.030
Peter Somogyvari: Even the new mentors from field we are team so.

20
00:03:46.620 --> 00:03:54.510
Peter Somogyvari: They are officially cactus mentors now but we're still haven't got the details on that he could collaborate on that weekly.

21
00:03:55.980 --> 00:03:58.350
Peter Somogyvari: and hopefully.

22
00:03:59.400 --> 00:04:04.740
Peter Somogyvari: closer to the end of summer opinion before they will have some updates on that.

23
00:04:08.460 --> 00:04:08.760
Tracy Kuhrt: A bit.

24
00:04:09.270 --> 00:04:09.720
Okay.

25
00:04:11.550 --> 00:04:19.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other questions that exist for tactics or fabric, at this point that didn't make it yet into the wiki.

26
00:04:26.430 --> 00:04:26.790
Okay.

27
00:04:27.840 --> 00:04:41.550
Tracy Kuhrt: So if there are no additional questions I didn't have any specific PC topics for today does anybody have any topics that we should discuss as a PC before we talk about protect sports.

28
00:04:51.360 --> 00:05:00.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so there are no items that I will hand it off to you know, to talk about the project gaps test horse.

29
00:05:04.680 --> 00:05:07.110
Danno Ferrin: cool, let me find which window is going to share.

30
00:05:11.970 --> 00:05:17.430
Danno Ferrin: So worked on finalizing some of this last night, and I did share it on discord.

31
00:05:19.140 --> 00:05:21.990
Danno Ferrin: um but it's what I call a red herring.

32
00:05:22.800 --> 00:05:35.070
Danno Ferrin: very much up for discussion on some of these details now so if we go back to I try to work on some the deliverables I didn't get to the unfilled needs to solicit projects for me.

33
00:05:36.090 --> 00:05:43.050
Danno Ferrin: But I focused on the philosophy and this is specific things areas for the philosophy that aren't currently included by current projects.

34
00:05:44.310 --> 00:05:54.960
Danno Ferrin: didn't get a full list of these projects leads area, and then I listed a couple of labs I didn't look too deeply into the too many of the labs there's there's quite a deep well look into so i'll need some help from people are familiar with those projects.

35
00:05:57.720 --> 00:05:59.160
Danno Ferrin: But the big tick on the philosophy.

36
00:06:00.540 --> 00:06:10.350
Danno Ferrin: Is you know, an elevator pitch and propose a policy change the first elevator pitch is to enable enterprise, enabling software for distributed ledger technology.

37
00:06:10.770 --> 00:06:15.510
Danno Ferrin: And multi party systems and the frameworks tools and libraries that support and enable those systems.

38
00:06:15.960 --> 00:06:23.610
Danno Ferrin: So I think the big thing is acknowledging the second part of the frameworks tools and libraries mtl they were starting to move up the stack from just the core.

39
00:06:24.420 --> 00:06:37.710
Danno Ferrin: blockchains themselves, you know, even when a blockchain has taken a change your we're now kind of distributed ledger technology and multi party systems, and I think that's the elevator pitch, for you know what projects, we will be looking for so comments.

40
00:06:38.760 --> 00:06:41.400
Danno Ferrin: Stevens on that he wants to make any anything.

41
00:06:44.100 --> 00:06:44.580
Danno Ferrin: Did it.

42
00:06:45.090 --> 00:06:46.980
Tracy Kuhrt: Go ahead, they, as I read that.

43
00:06:48.330 --> 00:06:49.350
Tracy Kuhrt: I.

44
00:06:51.120 --> 00:07:06.600
Tracy Kuhrt: think that that excludes applications in the Multi party system space is that intentional is that incorrect read what is the thought something Kennedy application space.

45
00:07:08.250 --> 00:07:16.800
Danno Ferrin: um so I did this application support in libraries and the themes, so my thought is that it would probably fall under the frameworks and libraries.

46
00:07:17.370 --> 00:07:22.380
Danno Ferrin: I don't know if we necessarily have a white label application, but maybe we should have a white label application.

47
00:07:23.100 --> 00:07:32.370
Danno Ferrin: where you can just go in change the branding and boom you're up, I mean I guess you could think that hyper ledger explore, in that case was a white label application that you could just re label it.

48
00:07:33.630 --> 00:07:36.690
Danno Ferrin: and have your own explorer that's granites yourself.

49
00:07:40.950 --> 00:07:43.560
Danno Ferrin: So i'm open to adding that directly.

50
00:07:55.440 --> 00:07:56.970
Danno Ferrin: Okay, any other comments.

51
00:08:02.040 --> 00:08:04.380
Danno Ferrin: Okay, so from this.

52
00:08:05.670 --> 00:08:06.000
Danno Ferrin: room.

53
00:08:10.800 --> 00:08:18.810
Arun Office: don't know so can we so since since you're talking about this topic right multi party system, so I would envision at some point in future.

54
00:08:19.500 --> 00:08:24.810
Arun Office: So we know that we are not going to work on the standardization things but, however.

55
00:08:25.290 --> 00:08:32.610
Arun Office: It would be good if hyper ledger collaborates with other standardization entities and in some some way or fashion it already happened to collaborate so.

56
00:08:33.540 --> 00:08:45.840
Arun Office: there's tip and then there is filters like we closely work with aren't like some of the projects in hyper ledger has inspired them or like whatever it could be so that could also go.

57
00:08:46.710 --> 00:08:52.290
Arun Office: When I consider it in the scope of multi party systems, it could go to entities such as James one.

58
00:08:52.980 --> 00:09:10.290
Arun Office: Which writing kind of relates to supply chain domain, which goes back in defines the standard entity models for how different parties exchange data right So are we considering like library tools implementation for those as well under here.

59
00:09:11.430 --> 00:09:18.120
Danno Ferrin: I would consider those in scope and when I went to further down the the thing about projects of themes and I did he left is not interested in.

60
00:09:18.780 --> 00:09:31.710
Danno Ferrin: I put some commentary on running and operating a standard process standards work may run in parallel to a project, but he left is interested in the software implementation and Community around the software, not the standards, making process does that.

61
00:09:33.270 --> 00:09:35.550
Danno Ferrin: encapsulate the concern, or should we tweak that a bit.

62
00:09:37.080 --> 00:09:37.350
Danno Ferrin: So.

63
00:09:37.500 --> 00:09:48.780
Arun Office: It encapsulates all every place around multi party system destination for application, so we are planning we're at one side, we are thinking of leaving out the application domain specific implementations.

64
00:09:49.260 --> 00:09:57.480
Arun Office: But when we go for standardization entities like they say like it, even though it's a multi party system, it is, but scope specific.

65
00:09:59.520 --> 00:10:05.070
Arun Office: entity models right so it's really application oriented things.

66
00:10:05.880 --> 00:10:06.330
Danno Ferrin: You can.

67
00:10:07.710 --> 00:10:10.170
Danno Ferrin: Do a national heart have to say, before I look back on it Nathan.

68
00:10:11.400 --> 00:10:20.820
Nathan George: Well, this is actually what I liked about the elevator pitch part of this statement is one of the hopes for this for me is that helps those relationships go both ways.

69
00:10:21.180 --> 00:10:35.910
Nathan George: Because, just like we have some organizations, we like to use as our standards side of what we're doing at hyper ledger My hope is that we can also become the preferred place for them to build their ledger and multiparty copied cation components.

70
00:10:37.020 --> 00:10:45.240
Nathan George: And that we can have a closer relationship as a result, so I, I agree that we should do something to try to clarify or keep.

71
00:10:47.010 --> 00:10:57.240
Nathan George: kind of flexible our definition of domain specific because for one of these standards bodies typically domain specific doesn't mean that it's a specific application for a specific customer.

72
00:10:57.630 --> 00:11:10.770
Nathan George: It typically means we don't have the scope to address everything about the problem in the first phase so we're going to pick a handful of use cases to start with, and that seems to still fit within the spirit of what we're trying to do.

73
00:11:14.580 --> 00:11:15.630
Danno Ferrin: Okay heart.

74
00:11:16.710 --> 00:11:34.860
Hart Montgomery: yeah thanks Daniel I guess what are the concerns is that if a project, particularly if it becomes dominant in a space may have to do some de facto standards work, even if that is reflected in code, rather than you know sort of just.

75
00:11:36.000 --> 00:11:40.290
Hart Montgomery: Standard documentation, so I think you know.

76
00:11:41.910 --> 00:11:53.490
Hart Montgomery: The essence of this point is correct that we don't want to be a standards dork but we don't as Nathan, points out, we sort of you know, want to reinforce collaboration.

77
00:11:54.660 --> 00:12:04.320
Hart Montgomery: And we don't want to prohibit our projects from sort of working on de facto standards, particularly if they're reflecting them in code right.

78
00:12:04.980 --> 00:12:18.000
Hart Montgomery: You know what do we do if say you know the cactus ledger connector you know becomes popular right does that format, you know, do we banned them from writing up a document on that.

79
00:12:24.810 --> 00:12:29.190
Danno Ferrin: See when I was the searing standards process i'm thinking of stuff like ISO an oasis.

80
00:12:29.250 --> 00:12:34.050
Hart Montgomery: Oh absolutely we don't want that we you know we want things to be code focused.

81
00:12:35.340 --> 00:12:46.110
Hart Montgomery: But but there's sort of a fine line you know between like there's clearly a big difference between a Standards Organization and and sort of what i'm talking about here right.

82
00:12:47.640 --> 00:12:51.510
Hart Montgomery: But, but we want to make sure that you know sort of projects understand that you know.

83
00:12:53.280 --> 00:12:57.390
Hart Montgomery: That that if they've sort of created de facto standards they can run with them.

84
00:13:11.250 --> 00:13:12.180
Danno Ferrin: Just something like that.

85
00:13:12.930 --> 00:13:13.740
Hart Montgomery: that's perfect.

86
00:13:15.210 --> 00:13:16.050
Hart Montgomery: I like that a lot.

87
00:13:21.690 --> 00:13:25.380
Danno Ferrin: Okay catalyst did this address some of your concerns to.

88
00:13:33.960 --> 00:13:35.250
Danno Ferrin: also see our nose off me.

89
00:13:36.720 --> 00:13:45.660
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: yeah i'm rereading the whole thing I was trying to make sure I understand and i'm comfortable with with capturing the here I mean I.

90
00:13:46.200 --> 00:13:59.970
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: The G stuff my thoughts on this is we don't want to prevent specification work for happened per se, we have to be careful not to claim that we're developing a standard but.

91
00:14:00.240 --> 00:14:13.050
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: You know I wanted to react mostly to what Tom just said, but we want to focus on code Well, yes and no I don't think this should be done exclusively you know, in the sense.

92
00:14:13.530 --> 00:14:17.670
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: I don't think we necessarily want to exclude any specification work per se.

93
00:14:18.270 --> 00:14:34.770
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And, as a result, or as a parallel activity to writing code, we may very well say or there is an API and there's a protocol, there is a format somewhere that would be that can be codified into a specification and.

94
00:14:35.490 --> 00:14:50.040
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: I don't see any reason why hyper ledger couldn't get this done within hyper ledger but, but we are, but I agree with what you were saying that oh that and at the same time we don't want hyper ledger to be you know.

95
00:14:51.630 --> 00:14:59.250
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: To be claiming that we are doing standards work per se, because the word standards, and you know i'm getting back on my soapbox on that one is.

96
00:14:59.700 --> 00:15:13.950
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: You know it carries a lot of weight and he has a very specific meaning and I agree with you there are formal Standards Organization that do that and we don't want to get into that but there's plenty of work that happens before.

97
00:15:14.220 --> 00:15:16.800
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: The formal standards processes kick in.

98
00:15:17.100 --> 00:15:21.390
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And that can be done within higher percentage for so I wouldn't want to exclude that.

99
00:15:24.210 --> 00:15:24.720
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

100
00:15:27.780 --> 00:15:38.100
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: it's very common that formal processes, if you go to the debit we see is a good example right did the deed spec is like well you know you, you often stop this somewhere else.

101
00:15:38.370 --> 00:15:44.850
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And then you come and say hey we want to build a standard around they send you contribute whatever you have come up with.

102
00:15:46.620 --> 00:15:48.180
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: You know, to get things started.

103
00:15:51.000 --> 00:16:00.840
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: So that's one thing that you've contributed to get things started could be done within IBM major and and, by the way, the next foundation as a process to do this as a framework.

104
00:16:01.170 --> 00:16:10.710
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: called the Community specification framework which ensures that the right legal commitments have been done and been secured and all that.

105
00:16:11.340 --> 00:16:16.350
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: So that I think is important to be aware, and to make sure people do it the right way.

106
00:16:16.740 --> 00:16:30.330
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Because the tendency in open source is people think Oh, we have an Apache software license we're all good, well, it works well for code it doesn't work so well for specifications but beyond that that's an implementation detail is an important one but.

107
00:16:31.410 --> 00:16:31.800
Danno Ferrin: Right.

108
00:16:33.000 --> 00:16:40.830
Danno Ferrin: So what I have highlighted in a second line and wonder if there's a way we could make the stronger to say brother me Jose please bring your reference implementations.

109
00:16:42.240 --> 00:16:43.140
Danno Ferrin: Is there some.

110
00:16:44.460 --> 00:16:49.290
Danno Ferrin: way that we could say to invite the reference implementations or should we just leave it may host.

111
00:16:54.330 --> 00:17:02.610
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: So i'm i'm gonna have to push back on the word reference, because that again as a very specific meaning.

112
00:17:06.690 --> 00:17:06.990
yeah.

113
00:17:08.730 --> 00:17:09.690
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: I prefer that.

114
00:17:10.800 --> 00:17:14.040
Danno Ferrin: Can I added reference and otherwise, or just implementations.

115
00:17:15.840 --> 00:17:19.920
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: It can be references or samples implementations.

116
00:17:21.000 --> 00:17:23.490
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: It can be or yo.

117
00:17:24.600 --> 00:17:26.730
Danno Ferrin: He left and men's rights projects that are.

118
00:17:27.330 --> 00:17:37.410
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Maybe will help you thanks to the little bit if I don't mean to abuse the microphone here, but the so the term reference implementation, although it's abused by many people, so you know.

119
00:17:37.440 --> 00:17:37.830
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: don't get.

120
00:17:37.890 --> 00:17:44.130
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: surprised if you see it used in a different way than i'll explain, but it really is kind of like.

121
00:17:45.390 --> 00:17:52.500
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: The court of law in a way it's like internal to the to the actual standard, you have a reference implementation.

122
00:17:52.710 --> 00:18:02.910
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Which means that if the specification is not completely clear on certain things you can go to the implementation and say that's, the way is supposed to work and.

123
00:18:03.510 --> 00:18:09.420
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: You know, while a sample implementation doesn't carry that kind of you know authority.

124
00:18:09.960 --> 00:18:23.520
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: The specification is the last word, and if they are holding it well, there are holes in it, but you can just go to the simple brutish and say well that's how it is somebody might do it differently and still claim they are compliant and they have the right way of doing it.

125
00:18:24.840 --> 00:18:25.230
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

126
00:18:29.160 --> 00:18:29.610
Danno Ferrin: Jim.

127
00:18:31.650 --> 00:18:33.390
Jim Zhang: Thanks now i'm.

128
00:18:34.410 --> 00:18:40.410
Jim Zhang: Just just, from my perspective, I feel like standardization.

129
00:18:41.460 --> 00:18:42.630
Jim Zhang: Is.

130
00:18:44.400 --> 00:18:47.970
Jim Zhang: That the space is not ready for standardization, is my opinion.

131
00:18:49.530 --> 00:19:02.550
Jim Zhang: there's so many innovations and so many new approaches emerging all the time I i'm curious when people say standardization what are some of the threads that are happening.

132
00:19:05.370 --> 00:19:06.780
Danno Ferrin: On dare to be a good example.

133
00:19:08.730 --> 00:19:09.990
Danno Ferrin: And that's a big one, and identity.

134
00:19:11.220 --> 00:19:12.600
Danno Ferrin: i'm not sure if there's any.

135
00:19:13.950 --> 00:19:26.160
Danno Ferrin: Nothing in theory was submitted to ISO or oasis although there was talking trying to get away system, the json rpc steps and that kind of fell by the wayside, when people realize that they couldn't just argue all day and how to actually agree on stuff.

136
00:19:28.230 --> 00:19:40.320
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: So I want to share that there is a whole set of activities around standardization of blockchain and DL t's and whatnot within ISO and gtc one.

137
00:19:41.520 --> 00:19:54.000
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: You know I, for one, I mean i'll be honest IBM has been trying to slow it down as much as possible, because very much like you were just talking about we feel like it's way too early to try to standardize things.

138
00:19:54.420 --> 00:20:12.450
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And I mean, especially given that they started this work, several years ago rating but there you know, so the work has been mostly at a very high level, which is often the way it started like before focusing on terminology, and you know very high level new kind of thing.

139
00:20:14.130 --> 00:20:14.520
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

140
00:20:16.890 --> 00:20:25.110
Jim Zhang: yeah I think the idea is a good example, but to me that's likely, the only example where sensation is.

141
00:20:27.210 --> 00:20:28.320
Jim Zhang: progressing.

142
00:20:31.080 --> 00:20:32.370
Jim Zhang: Far long enough.

143
00:20:33.720 --> 00:20:44.490
Jim Zhang: In all the other attempts to standardize things in from what i've seen is just way ahead of what's what's necessary at this point.

144
00:20:46.860 --> 00:20:51.150
Danno Ferrin: Okay, do we have any projects that might be an example of this, that are implementing a standard.

145
00:20:52.140 --> 00:20:52.950
Danno Ferrin: there's progress.

146
00:20:53.160 --> 00:20:57.120
Danno Ferrin: Probably an identity space to be the most likely candidate, so I think in areas or.

147
00:20:58.740 --> 00:21:00.240
Danno Ferrin: indie or any of the others.

148
00:21:07.650 --> 00:21:09.630
Danno Ferrin: No okay so i'll leave the exemplar blank.

149
00:21:10.890 --> 00:21:23.430
Danno Ferrin: um any other comments on standardization are people happy with this more or less decided to cross out the top line and just have these two bullet points, I think, is the capital what's been said, better than what I initially put.

150
00:21:27.180 --> 00:21:27.540
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

151
00:21:29.460 --> 00:21:31.050
Danno Ferrin: Go back to the top of the elevator pitch.

152
00:21:32.460 --> 00:21:38.580
Danno Ferrin: Any questions on the elevator pitch before I move on with it, I think we took a tangent on a standards, but I think was a good tangent.

153
00:21:43.920 --> 00:21:51.990
Danno Ferrin: Okay, so from this, this is probably the most controversial part of my recommendations they're coming up today and that's then that i'm recommending a policy change.

154
00:21:52.740 --> 00:22:02.940
Danno Ferrin: It used to be in the past that when projects came up they either needed to be a layer one deal to your MPs, or they had to support multiple layer ones are MPs is.

155
00:22:03.600 --> 00:22:12.330
Danno Ferrin: And I think the time is Tom where we need to consider policy change, where we allow projects that explicitly target only one platform as a part of their feature.

156
00:22:13.440 --> 00:22:19.170
Danno Ferrin: without requiring them to be folded into that one platform because there's a couple of things American targeting a platform.

157
00:22:19.530 --> 00:22:32.550
Danno Ferrin: That is not a hyper ledger layer one but it's still in a space, the hyper ledger was operated on, but at the same time, not every layer one is willing to accept these alternative implementations um.

158
00:22:33.570 --> 00:22:37.560
Danno Ferrin: So I see heart has his hand up so i'll go ahead and let him answer.

159
00:22:38.220 --> 00:22:47.460
Hart Montgomery: I did Oh, you know i'm not sure this is actually a policy change right we've asked projects to have the goal to support multiple platforms in the past.

160
00:22:48.270 --> 00:22:58.470
Hart Montgomery: But we've had a number of projects Come on, and then you know only support one single platform right so i'm not actually sure this is a policy change.

161
00:22:59.100 --> 00:23:18.060
Hart Montgomery: I think you know we've sort of already been doing this there's certainly aren't any rules that explicitly say we have to you know that that projects have had to be multi platform right, this is something you know the tsa is encouraged but we've never really had this rule right.

162
00:23:19.260 --> 00:23:26.670
Danno Ferrin: Every project pitch that i've seen has been targeting multiple platforms explorer so they were going to target multiple cactus as the point of cactus.

163
00:23:27.360 --> 00:23:34.200
Danno Ferrin: cielo in its initial pitch said it was going to target more than fabric and then his pulled back into fabric, but their Charter, the project charters still.

164
00:23:35.100 --> 00:23:36.660
Danno Ferrin: Right planes more than that.

165
00:23:36.900 --> 00:23:41.670
Hart Montgomery: they've said this, but you know they really haven't delivered right.

166
00:23:42.330 --> 00:23:43.530
Hart Montgomery: Right so.

167
00:23:43.590 --> 00:23:56.370
Danno Ferrin: Their projects when they were admitted came in with the intent that they would go multiple and I guess the Policy Changes i'm proposing is that projects come in and let them say, oh no we're gonna stick with fabric from day one, we don't plan to plan for that.

168
00:23:56.730 --> 00:24:00.990
Hart Montgomery: And also, I don't think we have any policy that explicitly says this right.

169
00:24:01.470 --> 00:24:02.010
Danno Ferrin: right if.

170
00:24:02.070 --> 00:24:03.390
Danno Ferrin: This is in practice.

171
00:24:03.480 --> 00:24:12.180
Hart Montgomery: Great okay yeah it's been the attitude of the tasc that you're more likely to have your project accepted if you say you'll support multi platform.

172
00:24:14.040 --> 00:24:19.680
Hart Montgomery: Okay, and I guess you just want to sort of you know, formally state this philosophy.

173
00:24:20.790 --> 00:24:22.830
Hart Montgomery: Rather than change any rule is that correct.

174
00:24:23.400 --> 00:24:26.520
Danno Ferrin: Right make make make the shift in philosophy formal.

175
00:24:27.390 --> 00:24:28.380
Hart Montgomery: Great Okay, thank you.

176
00:24:29.400 --> 00:24:31.050
Danno Ferrin: Okay kamlish I think your next.

177
00:24:32.820 --> 00:24:34.470
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah I didn't so.

178
00:24:35.850 --> 00:24:43.080
Kamlesh Nagware: Is that a tremendous investment like projects and teams like Oh, it is a community in the user of the hyper ledger technology, people are.

179
00:24:44.250 --> 00:24:56.760
Kamlesh Nagware: Mostly are referring to some simplification of the users of the project, like, for example, like wallets exam but example where they are building some documentation application on top of my culture, there are many challenges to.

180
00:24:57.960 --> 00:25:14.760
Kamlesh Nagware: Having a wallet whether they they may need to customize a build something so having a wallet in a in a budget projects in the future it's good to have as a master I really and there are similarly there are there are still complexity of implementing a high quality technologies is.

181
00:25:15.870 --> 00:25:28.230
Kamlesh Nagware: is very complex if you talk about like edm or maybe like, for example, Polygon or other like calm, this is summer simplification of doing the network setup to tell building application so similarly kind of.

182
00:25:29.580 --> 00:25:45.090
Kamlesh Nagware: About causes and themes that kind of already been mentioned, like wallets and security storage involves all is kind of purity anything other thing, like all the audience names, what are the priority we are sitting here on its generic.

183
00:25:50.610 --> 00:25:51.180
Danno Ferrin: um.

184
00:25:52.380 --> 00:25:53.760
Danno Ferrin: What was the question i'm that again.

185
00:25:56.160 --> 00:26:06.870
Kamlesh Nagware: There are a couple of things like the operations of respect to the end user focus projects before it, so why we expose this identify this task forces are gaps in the in the in the project so.

186
00:26:08.220 --> 00:26:22.710
Kamlesh Nagware: What we are accepting in the future projects on some priority basis, like we will consider having a wallet project in the future with with the more voltage to be limited earlier or so any PRS domestic to i'm going to ask.

187
00:26:32.310 --> 00:26:37.980
Kamlesh Nagware: I mean, I mean like supposed to be listed a couple of things here in the past post like where the iPad.

188
00:26:39.270 --> 00:26:42.660
Kamlesh Nagware: Projects actually having get right so.

189
00:26:43.830 --> 00:27:01.230
Kamlesh Nagware: I suppose this couple of six seven categories so, so we are going to accept the projects or maybe we are increasing the Community or the Open Source developer, to build the projects in in this particular areas and maybe improvise the existing projects, so any specific.

190
00:27:02.640 --> 00:27:07.560
Kamlesh Nagware: priority in terms of the those teams, or I meant was that one.

191
00:27:08.400 --> 00:27:09.120
So.

192
00:27:10.800 --> 00:27:16.230
Danno Ferrin: Does that have to do with the single project policy that we were discussing i'm missing the connection.

193
00:27:19.440 --> 00:27:21.870
Kamlesh Nagware: In general, not any specific.

194
00:27:26.190 --> 00:27:34.560
Tracy Kuhrt: I think I think this is a different question I think it's a do we do we have a priority over which projects come in.

195
00:27:35.700 --> 00:27:42.870
Tracy Kuhrt: First versus others right like when we when we say that wallets are more important than.

196
00:27:44.340 --> 00:27:48.420
Tracy Kuhrt: token applications I think that's the question, is it not so much.

197
00:27:48.780 --> 00:27:56.160
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah November, they think they call it with a wallet is random currently not an instructor available in the in an email.

198
00:27:57.420 --> 00:28:06.390
Danno Ferrin: Whatever okay um can we can we discuss that we get to projects and themes and finish the subject on the on the sequel server on the single.

199
00:28:07.020 --> 00:28:18.600
Danno Ferrin: ledger policymakers kind of get into we prefer ones that are hyper ledger and not hyper ledger but you know honestly I would love to be in position where we have to pick and choose which one can come in first that's not where we're at right now.

200
00:28:20.940 --> 00:28:31.440
Danno Ferrin: But I think that is a good question for the projects is themes once we accept or not accept the explicit policy so let's go to Tracy and then we'll come back to this if there's no other discussion on it.

201
00:28:32.490 --> 00:28:50.520
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah so related to the projects that are focused on a single platform I am I think there's a couple of things here that trigger for me one is the discussion that we previously had to kfc around project family.

202
00:28:52.410 --> 00:28:58.410
Tracy Kuhrt: When that we've had a long time ago on some projects within a project.

203
00:28:59.670 --> 00:29:10.410
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, so I think when the hyper ledger initially started, we had the prep work SDK is as separate projects from fabric.

204
00:29:12.180 --> 00:29:23.670
Tracy Kuhrt: And we got to a point where we actually ended up I don't know probably a couple years ago, having a decision, where we decided that those are no longer top level projects, they were projects that fell under fabric.

205
00:29:24.240 --> 00:29:25.440
Tracy Kuhrt: And I think there's this.

206
00:29:25.500 --> 00:29:34.110
Tracy Kuhrt: You know question about what, when we talk about projects focused on a single platform, what is the.

207
00:29:34.710 --> 00:29:52.140
Tracy Kuhrt: level of scope that we have there and I think the second sort of trigger that this had, for me, was a discussion that occurred on the chat right before explore when end of life which was somebody put on the public channel.

208
00:29:53.190 --> 00:30:01.080
Tracy Kuhrt: A question about explorer and I said, well, you should ask that, in the explorer channel because that's where the people are that are going to be able to answer that question.

209
00:30:03.270 --> 00:30:04.050
Tracy Kuhrt: and

210
00:30:05.310 --> 00:30:20.490
Tracy Kuhrt: I got back this response that was such that, like well explore only supports fabrics and why wouldn't the people here in fabric, be able to answer that question and it's like well you know I can't hear I don't have an answer for that, but you're talking to explore folks right.

211
00:30:21.690 --> 00:30:29.040
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think there's, a challenge that we have, I think those are two challenges the third trigger I had was.

212
00:30:31.140 --> 00:30:33.570
Tracy Kuhrt: How big does the landscape become.

213
00:30:34.590 --> 00:30:45.180
Tracy Kuhrt: So, for example, let's say let's just use the explore example again right we actually do have we had the fabric explorer we had a sawtooth explore we have any real hot explorer.

214
00:30:45.810 --> 00:31:02.190
Tracy Kuhrt: So i'll choose the euro has explorer spell underneath those projects and the fabric explorer was obviously blockchain explorer because that was the first one, the first project that was accepted right um but the sawtooth explore the row have explored never really got a you know.

215
00:31:04.380 --> 00:31:18.510
Tracy Kuhrt: advertise to the wider world, because they fell into the source space, you know, under such a theory well hi Ray you may have been a separate repo, but it was you know the same people were dealing with that so.

216
00:31:19.470 --> 00:31:29.610
Tracy Kuhrt: You know if we get to a place where, again we have six different five different dlp platforms and we have an explorer for each Does that mean.

217
00:31:30.060 --> 00:31:46.590
Tracy Kuhrt: We now have five different extra projects all called you know something explorer or do we say that these are actually sub projects or part of the project family of fabric or society or or.

218
00:31:48.210 --> 00:31:50.340
Tracy Kuhrt: base to or etc right like.

219
00:31:50.430 --> 00:31:51.930
Tracy Kuhrt: I this I.

220
00:31:52.170 --> 00:31:53.610
Danno Ferrin: think this is a great example.

221
00:31:54.480 --> 00:32:04.020
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I think that we just have to have some sort of limit patients here right like I don't think I could just open up my mind and say yes i'm going to allow that.

222
00:32:04.470 --> 00:32:11.430
Tracy Kuhrt: Although I think it's a great idea, but yet there's some triggers that happen and we have to understand that you know, there are some.

223
00:32:13.560 --> 00:32:18.510
Tracy Kuhrt: Some perceptions that people have when we when we talk about these different projects.

224
00:32:19.260 --> 00:32:26.340
Danno Ferrin: Okay, and yeah explorer is kind of interesting because yeah they kind of fragmented and then some code bases accepted in some some did some didn't.

225
00:32:27.810 --> 00:32:36.420
Danno Ferrin: But I think you know basically never was terribly interested in exploring because there were a lot of other Open Source explorer projects that covered a theorem.

226
00:32:37.200 --> 00:32:43.320
Danno Ferrin: blocks got I think is the one that typically got installed and a lot of it there's a lot of single purpose, ones that were outside of hyper ledger.

227
00:32:43.950 --> 00:32:54.120
Danno Ferrin: And so the functionality of an of a block explorer versus a project that a block explorer you know, is, I think, is one straddle the line very much between as a core, is it not core.

228
00:32:54.690 --> 00:33:03.000
Danno Ferrin: um but i'm thinking stuff like like cielo which is more orchestration that puts a different philosophy on the way you organize your notes versus the way you might not want to do it.

229
00:33:03.450 --> 00:33:11.220
Danno Ferrin: That one may not be is more on the independent rather than of course side because it's more opinionated then how you might want to do it, you know.

230
00:33:12.450 --> 00:33:22.350
Danno Ferrin: Like you know the classic javascript ui things is it mvc is MC MC you know all those other approaches to use react to use all the other stuff.

231
00:33:24.120 --> 00:33:29.700
Danno Ferrin: So that's why wouldn't get pulled into the core of the javascript language per se but it's definitely only targets javascript.

232
00:33:31.470 --> 00:33:42.450
Danno Ferrin: So I think we do need some some parameters on this and my thought is that we put something along the phrase of the project community should be large enough to become self sustaining independent of the Platform.

233
00:33:43.500 --> 00:33:46.650
Danno Ferrin: Would that get to the core of the issues.

234
00:33:49.350 --> 00:33:53.310
Tracy Kuhrt: So it might I don't think it addresses all of them.

235
00:33:54.570 --> 00:34:13.860
Tracy Kuhrt: But it might I, I think the other piece that you triggered just now when you were talking about language is that we initially accepted hero ha, because it was a c++ dlp right and I don't know you know, would we accept.

236
00:34:15.360 --> 00:34:23.550
Tracy Kuhrt: Project X written in c++ written in Ross written in Python written in javascript written in go written in.

237
00:34:24.150 --> 00:34:25.080
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, and how.

238
00:34:25.380 --> 00:34:39.990
Tracy Kuhrt: Every single language being separate top level project I at this point in my life I would probably say i'm not happy with that and that would be a reason a good enough reason to say yes, we should have a separate project.

239
00:34:43.470 --> 00:34:43.920
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

240
00:34:44.670 --> 00:34:45.240
Danno Ferrin: Jim raise his.

241
00:34:45.300 --> 00:34:45.630
hand.

242
00:34:47.580 --> 00:34:54.060
Jim Zhang: yeah I think my head is kind of similar places Tracy it's not very clear to me.

243
00:34:55.650 --> 00:35:04.560
Jim Zhang: For a project that's only targeting a single platform, first of all, I do think that's that's a viable policy change.

244
00:35:05.730 --> 00:35:07.320
Jim Zhang: what's not clear to me, is.

245
00:35:08.640 --> 00:35:13.590
Jim Zhang: Do we continue to to just have top level projects versus not.

246
00:35:14.940 --> 00:35:15.600
Jim Zhang: Because.

247
00:35:16.740 --> 00:35:23.310
Jim Zhang: The implication to the level of hyper ledger resources that will be put behind them will be different right.

248
00:35:25.380 --> 00:35:46.590
Jim Zhang: Or do we need to create a new sort of project here that accommodates very good very useful top level projects, but not, you know, not a large scope, one that would enjoy the the you know the marketing resource and everything.

249
00:35:47.730 --> 00:35:50.670
Jim Zhang: That a typical top level project will have.

250
00:35:52.920 --> 00:35:53.310
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

251
00:35:53.640 --> 00:35:54.600
Jim Zhang: hope that makes sense.

252
00:35:55.800 --> 00:35:56.250
Danno Ferrin: yeah.

253
00:35:58.800 --> 00:36:05.400
Danno Ferrin: So, so what i'm hearing is there's not consensus that we should do this and there's probably deep issues that need to be thought out online possibly.

254
00:36:05.910 --> 00:36:15.120
Danno Ferrin: Or at least over a week or so so i'm going to mark this as no consensus and table it and let's move on to the projects and themes, so we can get some more coverage on that.

255
00:36:15.930 --> 00:36:23.580
Danno Ferrin: um I think kamlish his main question was what's the relative priority order and this list is different from my first synthesis list.

256
00:36:24.150 --> 00:36:36.450
Danno Ferrin: And I thought I did, and to his point I was putting this kind of in priority order of things that I think are more important, on top of the things we'd be more aggressive and soliciting but everything on the list is still gain.

257
00:36:37.680 --> 00:36:44.640
Danno Ferrin: Low Level deal tps libraries, I mean they don't they're not like you know they're not crawling out of the woodwork you really have to hunt them down.

258
00:36:45.030 --> 00:36:51.810
Danno Ferrin: But the right one that comes in there's totally a home for it and you know you don't know you need these until they show up for the most part.

259
00:36:52.380 --> 00:36:59.970
Danno Ferrin: But everything else above this, I think this is relative word of where I heard where the knees were coming from from the various party holders.

260
00:37:00.780 --> 00:37:08.280
Danno Ferrin: So the first one is you know there's a bit more need for operational support for these platforms on things to monitor it and some of these.

261
00:37:08.760 --> 00:37:13.320
Danno Ferrin: Are arguably just features that the platform should implement, but some of them could be separate.

262
00:37:14.130 --> 00:37:19.950
Danno Ferrin: seller would be an example of like the orchestration support for these systems it's very opinionated about the way it's set up.

263
00:37:20.460 --> 00:37:30.960
Danno Ferrin: firefly kind of fits into this, but not really it's more of a framework or its own thing for the most part, but it might provide you know something that can be built into the into the application framework like firefly.

264
00:37:32.550 --> 00:37:34.650
Danno Ferrin: Outside the dlc world i'm.

265
00:37:36.960 --> 00:37:43.560
Danno Ferrin: Actually, the application scored in libraries, be more like the the Ruby on rails type stuff I don't really have the Ruby on rails would fit it's any of these.

266
00:37:44.160 --> 00:37:53.730
Danno Ferrin: Specifically, but you know projects like Ruby on rails on how their own integration and things like that rails and spring might have some of their own integrations for some of these.

267
00:37:54.720 --> 00:38:03.750
Danno Ferrin: i'm a second one that I heard very high, but I almost put on top of these these two are two really close our end user focused projects things like wallets in faults.

268
00:38:04.710 --> 00:38:19.650
Danno Ferrin: For individuals for enterprises to contain their keys and to communicate with the deities in an automated or on on request basis and credential storage, I think that the the growth of identity keys.

269
00:38:20.760 --> 00:38:33.450
Danno Ferrin: Is is an undercurrent that is growing and could become you know, one of the top features from from it from a project, it could become one of the one of the one of the stealth still features that's going to going to show some real value.

270
00:38:34.650 --> 00:38:48.150
Danno Ferrin: crushed interoperability interoperability is always big cactus is doing great, but there are more ways that people might want to do interoperability, they might want to do a token based atomic swaps for frameworks for that they might want to do.

271
00:38:50.070 --> 00:38:54.450
Danno Ferrin: All sorts of level of interoperability might want to interoperate with enterprise systems, there are some laughs projects.

272
00:38:54.930 --> 00:39:05.970
Danno Ferrin: And they're doing things like he left connector where they take the stuff off the blockchain and they put it in Kafka queues Those are some of the sorts of interoperability, that I think are rich they're necessarily part of the core.

273
00:39:07.050 --> 00:39:11.670
Danno Ferrin: And then, as we get lowered down these are these are important valuable spaces in the future that we need to move into.

274
00:39:12.150 --> 00:39:21.570
Danno Ferrin: um but I didn't hear you know, like clamoring from any of the any of the operational networks, but no, they they they they seem valuable.

275
00:39:22.170 --> 00:39:29.220
Danno Ferrin: A long term space to have stuff ready for enterprise applications as the field matures and one of those applications supports in libraries, this would be.

276
00:39:30.840 --> 00:39:33.210
Danno Ferrin: The sorts of libraries, that you would use to build your deaths.

277
00:39:34.290 --> 00:39:39.630
Danno Ferrin: You know, like a Ruby on rails for deaths or some other thing, these are the features that probably would be.

278
00:39:40.410 --> 00:39:47.850
Danno Ferrin: When I had the policy change in mind to support it explicitly single platform projects, this is the part on the stack rustic and that they would be most valuable.

279
00:39:48.210 --> 00:39:55.710
Danno Ferrin: Is the ones further away from the the dlc itself that are separated by some access libraries to do things that on the application level.

280
00:39:56.670 --> 00:40:04.170
Danno Ferrin: So perhaps it empty APP that only targets roja might be one that might be a top level project that doesn't require any court you just to a real hot.

281
00:40:04.680 --> 00:40:18.420
Danno Ferrin: Similarly, you X libraries it support fabric in a particular style of the front end that only explicitly says the support fabric, I think could provide value as a project, so this and an excellent are where I think that the single project libraries.

282
00:40:19.590 --> 00:40:27.240
Danno Ferrin: single single platform libraries have the most value and the last next last one is domain specific tool kits we really have one in grid.

283
00:40:28.560 --> 00:40:35.730
Danno Ferrin: But I think there's areas and things like Providence in intellectual property management and in operating exchanges.

284
00:40:37.230 --> 00:40:43.920
Danno Ferrin: But not you know when hyper ledger wouldn't operate exchange, but they might provide white label software that if you wanted to you could.

285
00:40:44.370 --> 00:40:49.470
Danno Ferrin: If people were willing to bring that as an open source software, for their for those types of things.

286
00:40:49.950 --> 00:40:58.020
Danno Ferrin: And finally there's always room for the low level dlc MPs libraries that are reusable across the lts or that explore new novel space.

287
00:40:58.590 --> 00:41:07.050
Danno Ferrin: One example it's always brought up that we have never quite been able to pull off is a common consensus library and common consensus interface, so that you could have.

288
00:41:07.560 --> 00:41:12.870
Danno Ferrin: If you implement this interface, and you have a new fancy consensus library, that is, you know some sort of an asynchronous.

289
00:41:13.860 --> 00:41:25.950
Danno Ferrin: Somebody in a sequence library it'd be really cool to put the things you can just put the interfaces and your block chain, and then the consensus and things will magically start working, so I think there's opportunity there but it's going to take some work for sure.

290
00:41:27.660 --> 00:41:37.530
Danno Ferrin: This is the general ordering I think of you know what if we had to pick and choose in order to prioritize I think this would be the order but I honestly think we just take them as they come.

291
00:41:39.630 --> 00:41:48.750
Danno Ferrin: In Finally, the non interested in, and I think it's important to say what we're not interested in as much, and these have been except for the standards have been fairly non controversial these first two are pretty.

292
00:41:50.070 --> 00:41:53.400
Danno Ferrin: pretty well accepted hyper ledger is not going to operate a specific network.

293
00:41:54.690 --> 00:42:00.780
Danno Ferrin: And I put a theory made it in here's an example base, who is a client that runs on a theory mean that, but it is not running a theory, I mean that.

294
00:42:01.260 --> 00:42:08.610
Danno Ferrin: And I think that's the sort of space that the projects would want to operate in in hyper ledger projects that work within service, the network.

295
00:42:09.060 --> 00:42:15.030
Danno Ferrin: But hyper ledger is is is is the associated with the project with the network governance is a candy.

296
00:42:15.960 --> 00:42:23.850
Danno Ferrin: And then hosting a specific application, for example, we wouldn't set up a block explorer for theory mean that it's run by hyper ledger that's, something that would be out of scope.

297
00:42:24.630 --> 00:42:30.240
Danno Ferrin: hyper ledger might host a block explorer software and and some company could stand it up and run it their own.

298
00:42:31.230 --> 00:42:35.940
Danno Ferrin: But hyper ledger itself would not expose that service in public and finally.

299
00:42:36.900 --> 00:42:42.780
Danno Ferrin: operating the formal standards process, we had a little bit of a sidebar on that already and I think i'll drop this first line and use these two.

300
00:42:43.380 --> 00:42:53.160
Danno Ferrin: That you can be a de facto standards, but if your formal it's not he left is around faced with a formal process, and if you have an implementation of a formal standard he left is a great place for it.

301
00:42:54.390 --> 00:42:59.520
Danno Ferrin: So this address some of your concerns when we were talking about the single project.

302
00:43:03.030 --> 00:43:03.540
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah.

303
00:43:06.030 --> 00:43:06.330
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

304
00:43:11.220 --> 00:43:11.610
Danno Ferrin: Jim.

305
00:43:12.390 --> 00:43:21.570
Jim Zhang: hey just want the list looks great just want to propose maybe a slight tweak, if you like, the the world doesn't.

306
00:43:23.130 --> 00:43:43.560
Jim Zhang: need new token projects, but the world definitely needs viable confidential token projects are many efforts around this well a few efforts around this none of them are widely adopted, but I do see a lot of we.

307
00:43:44.850 --> 00:43:50.340
Jim Zhang: requirement for that you know the many CDC projects around the world that are.

308
00:43:52.170 --> 00:44:00.330
Jim Zhang: Coming online the past few years, I would bet all of them will end up needing something like that.

309
00:44:06.030 --> 00:44:06.510
Danno Ferrin: Look at.

310
00:44:15.420 --> 00:44:17.910
Jim Zhang: yeah about enough to can we.

311
00:44:19.350 --> 00:44:22.800
Jim Zhang: qualify specifically what we're looking for for an fps.

312
00:44:25.830 --> 00:44:32.160
Jim Zhang: Because tokens covered enough to zoom enough tease we're talking about maybe a marketplace sort of thing.

313
00:45:05.760 --> 00:45:16.980
Danno Ferrin: One of the things that i've seen is people say oh there's utility for this, and I think that could be true like say, if you have a nfc that represents the ability to moderated this courtroom and you can pass that around from person to person.

314
00:45:18.180 --> 00:45:23.700
Danno Ferrin: You know how would we do that I think is one interesting use for you to for Tennessee is still have your hand up Jim.

315
00:45:26.850 --> 00:45:27.300
Jim Zhang: Thanks.

316
00:45:27.600 --> 00:45:27.990
Okay.

317
00:45:38.190 --> 00:45:40.950
Danno Ferrin: yeah we don't need a hyper ledger profile picture collection.

318
00:45:47.130 --> 00:45:50.400
Danno Ferrin: don't have any enterprises that would need a psp for other employees.

319
00:45:59.010 --> 00:46:01.410
Danno Ferrin: Okay there's some other questions on that.

320
00:46:02.970 --> 00:46:05.310
Danno Ferrin: The last step is ads projects, and this is where.

321
00:46:07.020 --> 00:46:15.090
Danno Ferrin: It was pretty late for me, so I only was able to identify to good top ones i'm sure there's other ones, because getting these labs projects is kind of D i'm.

322
00:46:16.110 --> 00:46:25.560
Danno Ferrin: sewing, I think, is one that would be interested, we might want to ask them to come up again they had pitched a couple of years ago, and I think the problem was they only have one active maintainer.

323
00:46:26.670 --> 00:46:39.360
Danno Ferrin: They now have their project was three and their commit log support that claim, and what I think is interesting about it is is supporting and this goes it's my elephant the room point at the bottom of this is support still laying substrate me was a.

324
00:46:40.560 --> 00:46:42.240
Danno Ferrin: story for doing solidity.

325
00:46:43.500 --> 00:46:47.280
Danno Ferrin: For for those for those platforms Tracy.

326
00:46:48.690 --> 00:46:59.490
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah, I just wanted to mention Sean had reached out to me to ask me about what it would take to bring this back to the dsp for incubation he asked me that a few weeks back.

327
00:47:00.270 --> 00:47:09.990
Tracy Kuhrt: So I would expect that show up here soon, so I think you're on the right track in thinking about so nothing is possible in the top level project.

328
00:47:10.980 --> 00:47:15.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, because he also mentioned, I did the expansion of.

329
00:47:17.160 --> 00:47:25.440
Tracy Kuhrt: containers to that project and contributors to that project, and I definitely see a lot of discussions on going in the sewing channel and discord.

330
00:47:26.670 --> 00:47:27.030
Danno Ferrin: cool.

331
00:47:28.170 --> 00:47:31.590
Danno Ferrin: um another project was person, which is confidential.

332
00:47:31.590 --> 00:47:34.920
Danno Ferrin: channels across multiple blockchain it's got plugins to support that.

333
00:47:35.670 --> 00:47:39.480
Danno Ferrin: Does anyone else have a favorite lab project that they think should be.

334
00:47:41.340 --> 00:47:44.580
Danno Ferrin: discussed with to bring up to the incubation status.

335
00:47:45.780 --> 00:47:46.230
Danno Ferrin: Tracy.

336
00:47:47.340 --> 00:47:58.200
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't know about incubation studies, but I have been doing in preparing some slides looking at kind of top 10 most active labs that we have.

337
00:47:59.370 --> 00:48:10.320
Tracy Kuhrt: The other one that exists between so my improve that is top 10 is a business partner agent, which is an SSI waller and controller.

338
00:48:11.460 --> 00:48:23.070
Tracy Kuhrt: So, then, I also think there's a Ryan, which is a centralized ledger that has quite a few pull requests that are happening in there as well.

339
00:48:24.780 --> 00:48:37.230
Tracy Kuhrt: And then there's some some fabric specific stuff that's going on, so yeah I don't know if they're at the state yet of wanting to come to incubation but at least this forest pull request.

340
00:48:38.250 --> 00:48:40.440
Tracy Kuhrt: They filter to the top.

341
00:48:42.180 --> 00:48:42.630
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

342
00:48:46.410 --> 00:48:48.810
Danno Ferrin: um do you have a specific fabric, ones that might.

343
00:48:50.430 --> 00:48:52.890
Danno Ferrin: Or should I just go to labs.

344
00:48:53.310 --> 00:49:12.060
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh so there's a there's a private data objects, that is, I believe fabric based confidential preserving option this option smart contracts, but I think it is based on some of the fabric stuff there's the fabric operations console.

345
00:49:12.300 --> 00:49:20.220
Tracy Kuhrt: And there's some ongoing discussions around whether or not that filters to a top level project at some point or not.

346
00:49:22.290 --> 00:49:28.590
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the federal smart client is also another one, but yeah those are kind of.

347
00:49:29.640 --> 00:49:30.690
Tracy Kuhrt: Falling to the top 10.

348
00:49:31.890 --> 00:49:38.580
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: there's actually one which is fabric operator and there's like a whole bunch of different operators are Hopkins talk to this.

349
00:49:39.120 --> 00:49:50.670
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: I mean, he actually you know, made the effort of listing them all and we've been trying to start in there for towards some convergence and I don't know that this will become.

350
00:49:51.570 --> 00:50:01.620
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: That any of those would become a top level projects because they are very fabric, specific and will you know no claim of ever being more than that.

351
00:50:03.960 --> 00:50:05.430
Danno Ferrin: Okay heart have your hand up.

352
00:50:05.970 --> 00:50:06.900
Hart Montgomery: yeah so.

353
00:50:09.000 --> 00:50:27.390
Hart Montgomery: I points out, I did go through this, I think we have something like 12 active and 23 total labs that focus on fabric operations it's a huge number, and we are working to try to streamline them.

354
00:50:29.250 --> 00:50:34.530
Hart Montgomery: But it looks like from a sort of fabric maintainer perspective.

355
00:50:35.580 --> 00:50:53.010
Hart Montgomery: The fabric maintain owners seem to think that they would prefer you know sort of whatever comes out of this, you know fabric operations collaboration that it be sort of as part of fabric in a separate repo rather than be its own project.

356
00:50:54.360 --> 00:51:08.730
Hart Montgomery: So it seems like the maintainer is here might be happy to incorporate this into fabric in some form rather than become a top level project, which is why I didn't initially bring this up.

357
00:51:09.930 --> 00:51:10.380
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

358
00:51:12.630 --> 00:51:18.810
Hart Montgomery: and any fabric maintenance on the call of I think our nose, the only person I see.

359
00:51:20.340 --> 00:51:20.700
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

360
00:51:21.990 --> 00:51:34.050
Hart Montgomery: You can clarify more but yeah we've been working on this we've had discussions this is kind of an embarrassing amount of fragmentation in our space so.

361
00:51:34.920 --> 00:51:48.840
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Yes, no but I agree you you what you said is and it'll IBM to the IBM as hot bills, I mean the you know we've only continued the fabric operator and just so.

362
00:51:49.200 --> 00:51:59.400
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Everybody knows, this is about Cooper Cooper natives operators, which is a key element of actually doing you know deployment of fabric network in communities.

363
00:52:00.480 --> 00:52:11.010
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Because there wasn't one as part of fabric everybody created their own IBM at their loved one as part of for a proprietary offering.

364
00:52:11.460 --> 00:52:21.300
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And we have not contributed that to hyper ledger I believe it is the most advanced it's a production ready it's been in use for many years.

365
00:52:21.900 --> 00:52:27.810
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And so, but we didn't want to just submit that as part of like fabric.

366
00:52:28.410 --> 00:52:39.750
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: We could have contributed to fabric directly, we tried to play the card of being open and and inviting others to participate in this effort, so we first contributed as a lab.

367
00:52:40.230 --> 00:52:50.730
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: And now we're working with others, and you know, I have to think hard to nudge everybody to try to work together on this, so that we would work towards.

368
00:52:51.900 --> 00:52:55.860
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: Having one really awesome operator that everybody could use.

369
00:52:56.880 --> 00:52:57.300
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

370
00:52:58.410 --> 00:53:00.240
Danno Ferrin: I think Nathan status hammock for a bit.

371
00:53:01.950 --> 00:53:17.460
Nathan George: um I think this is just a bookmark for an issue we might need to come back to which is that seems like an interesting and very useful graduation option of instead of something going from a lab to its own project going from a lab to joining an existing project.

372
00:53:17.910 --> 00:53:30.750
Nathan George: I worried we might have some back doors or some checks normally do when a project leaves labs that we might miss if a lab moves in that other direction, but it seems like for Community and collaboration standpoint.

373
00:53:31.470 --> 00:53:37.890
Nathan George: it'd be good for us to communicate to projects that that's or to contributors that that's an option and that works well.

374
00:53:43.980 --> 00:53:44.850
Danno Ferrin: labs exits.

375
00:53:48.360 --> 00:54:00.510
Tracy Kuhrt: just add to that these, and I think that's if i'm not mistaken that's what's happening right now in cactus and Weaver right and bringing in pieces of we were we were lab.

376
00:54:01.140 --> 00:54:14.610
Tracy Kuhrt: That IBM contributed to hyper ledger cactus so definitely agree that I think you know just because something is built in babs doesn't mean that at some point it doesn't go into an existing project.

377
00:54:15.630 --> 00:54:31.920
Tracy Kuhrt: Or alternatively become its own top level project like or Sedan or cactus or bevel right, so I think there's multiple ways of you know kind of using the word graduating graduating from live.

378
00:54:33.360 --> 00:54:34.920
Tracy Kuhrt: On labs is probably the better way of saying.

379
00:54:38.100 --> 00:54:44.670
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: I mean, if I may add, I mean this was very much the intent of having the labs in the first place right to create some kind of.

380
00:54:45.120 --> 00:55:01.950
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno") @ IBM: ground for people to you know start to effort with that nestle much pretension but with that possibility of being really to move to a project, whether on as Tracy says Where were they on its own or as part of an existing project.

381
00:55:08.190 --> 00:55:08.580
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

382
00:55:11.160 --> 00:55:12.750
Danno Ferrin: Any other comments for labs projects.

383
00:55:16.560 --> 00:55:19.560
Danno Ferrin: So one thing I want to finish with this is a little bit out of the scope of.

384
00:55:21.180 --> 00:55:29.850
Danno Ferrin: Project gaps, but I think it's an opportunity and a potential threat, we need to think about and that is what is hyper ledger is public network story I don't know that we have one.

385
00:55:30.570 --> 00:55:40.320
Danno Ferrin: I don't know that we need one or do we need one but it's something that I think we need to put our minds and what brought me up to this question was a few about a month ago, I was watching one of the.

386
00:55:41.610 --> 00:55:52.050
Danno Ferrin: One of the various ethereum podcasts now podcast at conferences is going on and Ernst and Young live DEMO the supply chain operation built entirely on a theory of mean that.

387
00:55:52.800 --> 00:56:02.550
Danno Ferrin: um and that brought to my mind that some enterprises may want to operate entirely on the public network, and I think that is something that hyper ledger needs to.

388
00:56:03.480 --> 00:56:10.200
Danno Ferrin: decide how they want to operate with with public non operator networks there's kind of a foothold with basic as far as the theory of main net.

389
00:56:11.430 --> 00:56:19.380
Danno Ferrin: But the question, there is, do we want to fully commit or you know how do we want to interact with this what's our approach, and I have no solid answers for this.

390
00:56:19.890 --> 00:56:25.920
Danno Ferrin: it's just something that I think I need to put in our minds as a technical Steering Committee is what we should do with it, Jim.

391
00:56:27.810 --> 00:56:35.460
Jim Zhang: yeah you know we I i've always advocated for more integration with layer one quiet in the approach where.

392
00:56:36.450 --> 00:56:52.860
Jim Zhang: A permission walled garden is is running as a side chain where the majority of different actions is happening, either through token bridges, or through some sort of roll up which by the way, I think the ui DEMO is is using a roll up technique so there's.

393
00:56:53.070 --> 00:56:56.370
Jim Zhang: The upper layer to that's running with zero knowledge proof.

394
00:56:57.600 --> 00:57:05.760
Jim Zhang: So I think, from what we've seen its it's it's becoming a very useful pattern.

395
00:57:06.900 --> 00:57:14.790
Jim Zhang: To use permission chains as a side chain, but there is a way for for value to flow inside and out of.

396
00:57:16.020 --> 00:57:17.940
Jim Zhang: With with a little layer one.

397
00:57:19.560 --> 00:57:26.760
Jim Zhang: So I would definitely encourage the first value more in this in this space step.

398
00:57:27.210 --> 00:57:28.200
Danno Ferrin: Maybe a gap we missed.

399
00:57:28.620 --> 00:57:30.870
Danno Ferrin: And all that hard have the last word is we're almost at time.

400
00:57:31.200 --> 00:57:45.540
Hart Montgomery: yeah I totally agree that this is something worth investigating and I have promised people on this call that you know I will do some work on this, I know I oh grace, among others, and email about this so grace expect an email from me, hopefully soon.

401
00:57:47.580 --> 00:57:58.170
Hart Montgomery: But yes, this is definitely you know something that I think, at least, we need to, we need to figure out, you know more about and what we should be doing.

402
00:57:58.800 --> 00:58:08.940
Hart Montgomery: You know, when we started hyper ledger in 2016 there was this general attitude among our Member companies that that they were going to completely stay off the public chain.

403
00:58:09.690 --> 00:58:18.150
Hart Montgomery: And I think that has has changed a lot, so I would actually be curious to hear what you know a lot of people think about this.

404
00:58:19.440 --> 00:58:30.330
Hart Montgomery: And you know what sort of involvement in the public changes is the community's appetite I would suspect it's a lot more than people think.

405
00:58:34.410 --> 00:58:34.740
Hart Montgomery: cool.

406
00:58:37.260 --> 00:58:41.460
Danno Ferrin: Alright, thanks, so I think we're at time So those are the findings of the task force.

407
00:58:43.290 --> 00:58:43.800
Danno Ferrin: Thanks.

408
00:58:45.810 --> 00:58:46.380
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks i'll.

409
00:58:47.550 --> 00:58:47.940
Jim Zhang: See you guys.

