WEBVTT

1
00:00:07.140 --> 00:00:08.519
Danno Ferrin: There is an antitrust policy.

2
00:00:09.660 --> 00:00:11.160
Danno Ferrin: Of a recording again okay.

3
00:00:12.540 --> 00:00:16.199
Danno Ferrin: So as a reminder for all our meetings we start with an antitrust policy note.

4
00:00:17.190 --> 00:00:21.900
Danno Ferrin: read it and understand, and if you have questions i'm asked you the Voyager company, they can give you all sorts of wonderful answers.

5
00:00:22.590 --> 00:00:31.920
Danno Ferrin: We also have a code of conduct The short answer is the excellent to each other, there is a lot longer more details on that if you're curious go ahead and read that but if you're excellent to each other you'll be fine.

6
00:00:33.660 --> 00:00:44.940
Danno Ferrin: Announcements As always, we have a Dev weekly newsletter going out Friday, you have any developer stuff to try and get Ahold of developer and promote stuff venture project that's an excellent place to to share data.

7
00:00:47.250 --> 00:00:49.710
Danno Ferrin: And we got to quarterly reports that are in.

8
00:00:50.850 --> 00:01:05.880
Danno Ferrin: A row was do last week, but it came in, just before the meeting so people didn't have time to review it so we're going to review it again today, and then we'll again right on time, but they came in late yesterday, so we will both do review it today and review it again next week.

9
00:01:07.110 --> 00:01:16.080
Danno Ferrin: Everyone is Sarah here she likes to come, sometimes I think she was here last week, but she was late for the meeting by an hour because of time zone issues.

10
00:01:19.590 --> 00:01:26.940
Danno Ferrin: anyone have any questions on a real high that are already covered in the comments there's that welcome question about borough a few other.

11
00:01:28.170 --> 00:01:34.410
Danno Ferrin: open questions I think one of the answer, but does anyone have any questions comments about the row have.

12
00:01:38.130 --> 00:01:39.030
Danno Ferrin: Several questions.

13
00:01:44.220 --> 00:01:47.910
Danno Ferrin: Seeing none, if you have any questions go ahead and put them in the comments section.

14
00:01:49.500 --> 00:01:57.510
Danno Ferrin: sarah's been tagged if she comes in, during this meeting will probably come back to this topic so she can answer some of the questions live if she if she does that.

15
00:01:58.530 --> 00:02:02.520
Danno Ferrin: and the next one, is a hyper ledger bevel.

16
00:02:03.540 --> 00:02:08.970
Danno Ferrin: That came in last night and I just added it to add everyone's checkmark so they can say that they've reviewed it or not.

17
00:02:10.320 --> 00:02:12.960
Danno Ferrin: The questions yet we'll come back again next week, look at that.

18
00:02:14.280 --> 00:02:21.930
Danno Ferrin: i'm coming up rotation next week are both hyper ledger grid and hyper ledger transact so those should be coming in, hopefully.

19
00:02:22.980 --> 00:02:30.330
Danno Ferrin: By the 26th we'll see how that goes as far as presentations there are no presentations and no decisions that were supposed to be made today.

20
00:02:31.290 --> 00:02:41.010
Danno Ferrin: So from that will move on to the discussion rude wanted to have some time to talk about the security force the Security Task Force update the room.

21
00:02:45.270 --> 00:02:45.840
Arun S M: Thanks Daniel.

22
00:02:46.860 --> 00:02:47.970
Arun S M: And I share my screen.

23
00:02:54.540 --> 00:02:54.870
Arun S M: alright.

24
00:02:56.130 --> 00:03:12.870
Arun S M: So I heard brief talk on this in our last Security Task Force update, which I guess art already knows about, but I wanted to quickly cover in this case the call as well, and then call out some of the recommendations that came out of these meetings and open items tight and that are.

25
00:03:14.220 --> 00:03:25.050
Arun S M: That are to be done, as part of task force or probably move them as a separate task within our bring them up to psn have open comments on these items right and some of these.

26
00:03:25.890 --> 00:03:35.190
Arun S M: Recommendations are straightforward non controversial, however, there could be some which may require us to think through bit more, for instance.

27
00:03:36.420 --> 00:03:46.110
Arun S M: One of the obvious ones ours, we needed to identify key contact points from each project, they should and the person or the contact point should be responsible for.

28
00:03:47.400 --> 00:03:53.250
Arun S M: And we should make it a mandatory for any graduating project to have a representation in the security.

29
00:03:55.650 --> 00:03:58.650
Arun S M: What we call us let's let's say we are forming a group of six.

30
00:04:00.180 --> 00:04:15.990
Arun S M: may want security mountains across all projects, so we want a representation from each project available on that, and they are responsible for for either fixing or delegating the tasks that are related to security and it's all on them how they handle it and.

31
00:04:17.430 --> 00:04:24.240
Arun S M: I believe this is probably the straightforward approach red faced the task force recommends that we have this as a mandatory.

32
00:04:25.920 --> 00:04:35.670
Arun S M: criteria for any project that goes into graduation and then one of the concerns that Members brought up in a task force is related to depend upon alerts.

33
00:04:36.630 --> 00:04:48.120
Arun S M: There, right now, where some of them are fixed by slowing some of them are to be evaluated so again the action item can be assigned to the.

34
00:04:49.320 --> 00:04:53.040
Arun S M: point of contact from each project, and we should define.

35
00:04:54.480 --> 00:05:00.210
Arun S M: Time frameworks around that that one of the recommendation that came up as part of the task force.

36
00:05:02.190 --> 00:05:07.410
Arun S M: So one of the recommendation that I had initially put up in and.

37
00:05:08.460 --> 00:05:14.130
Arun S M: Opportunities section is also about reef refactoring how we currently have.

38
00:05:15.420 --> 00:05:27.720
Arun S M: Our servers security markdown files listed in each of the repository can we define our change the reporting templates to match the one that open ssl team has recommended.

39
00:05:28.560 --> 00:05:40.140
Arun S M: And they eventually has the similar content, where we they have either report it via email or report it via a platform, such as github where you can report security vulnerability or.

40
00:05:41.400 --> 00:05:45.960
Arun S M: The other means right, so this is something we can adopt.

41
00:05:46.980 --> 00:05:57.540
Arun S M: To be consistent across are probably we can look into compare these two and then say hey here is a new note that every project should adopt and.

42
00:05:58.350 --> 00:06:13.590
Arun S M: As a standard practice so that's the recommendation, and I know as part of mailing list there was a few questions on is the current mailing list good enough, or should we have an alternative to using the mailing list.

43
00:06:14.640 --> 00:06:20.880
Arun S M: So there is an open item on that in terms of exploring alternatives to us mailing list, but the current.

44
00:06:23.520 --> 00:06:24.870
Arun S M: or twice a to.

45
00:06:26.160 --> 00:06:38.220
Arun S M: The sentiment is to continue using it, because that's the main means of communication for anybody to report or come to us in terms of the issues reported.

46
00:06:39.210 --> 00:06:48.900
Arun S M: And, probably as part of the previous action item that is changing the template instead of having 24 hours response that may change to let's say.

47
00:06:49.680 --> 00:07:07.380
Arun S M: The response would be given within three working days right so those would be certain changes, for now, but there is definitely an option which Task Force recommended that we can have an alternate to the mailing list if if there is any possibility.

48
00:07:08.820 --> 00:07:19.050
Arun S M: Now the other major item that came up about in the task for multiple discussions is related to differentiating box from a critical vulnerability.

49
00:07:20.370 --> 00:07:25.800
Arun S M: And there were many ideas proposed as to how we should make it possible, of course, there is no.

50
00:07:26.820 --> 00:07:34.740
Arun S M: it's not possible for us to always have that distinction there always needs to be a human involved in identifying or probably evaluating.

51
00:07:35.250 --> 00:07:55.380
Arun S M: That has it could also go into a specific project, how they see that particular issue to be report and it is reported and how they consider that issue to be so that was another open item in and an opportunity that could improve so over here one of the.

52
00:07:56.400 --> 00:08:08.730
Arun S M: approach or one of the one of the way we could improve this process was to introduce specific questions related to blockchain technology in evaluating or coming up with the CV score at the end.

53
00:08:10.200 --> 00:08:24.270
Arun S M: So the task force recommends that we have this, however, there is a mixed feeling that the scoring alone may not be good enough, because we don't have a generic type model for each of the project each project has their own way of.

54
00:08:26.040 --> 00:08:35.400
Arun S M: It when there's something that is applicable to one project may not be applicable to all the projects that we have a type of ledger However, this was always an option to.

55
00:08:36.510 --> 00:08:37.710
Arun S M: All the blockchain.

56
00:08:39.030 --> 00:08:50.490
Arun S M: code protocol projects that we have a typewriter there is a possibility to him I introduced this just so that we can have a distinction at what at some level.

57
00:08:52.140 --> 00:08:52.500
Arun S M: Now.

58
00:08:54.210 --> 00:08:56.070
Arun S M: So, so I believe this word.

59
00:08:57.570 --> 00:09:12.030
Arun S M: Mostly non controversial ones are the straightforward ones, which I believe all the projects would agree upon and there were a few decisions that are so few recommendations that task force hide.

60
00:09:13.170 --> 00:09:29.550
Arun S M: which might involve additional participants and not just the project team or the tsa and those include so currently hyper ledger does have a cross cross project bug bounty incentive program where people could go to hacker one platform and then report their issues.

61
00:09:31.320 --> 00:09:45.930
Arun S M: However, the concern over there was Task Force identified that some of them if we need to establish a mechanism to identify what how to filter those are, how to consider those issues that are reported.

62
00:09:47.250 --> 00:09:56.280
Arun S M: To be better to be considered as vulnerable large and regular issue like, for instance, is it just the documentation that needs to correction, or is it right.

63
00:09:58.230 --> 00:10:06.240
Arun S M: And it does not really affect my function of the protocol it's probably to do with the configuration somewhere he modified it it's all good.

64
00:10:08.340 --> 00:10:10.110
Arun S M: So those things are.

65
00:10:11.280 --> 00:10:12.300
Arun S M: are to be distinguished.

66
00:10:13.590 --> 00:10:30.150
Arun S M: And they were recommendations in terms of and there were talks not recommendations my correction to probably considered not having this program at all, and there were also considerations, where we have reviews done by each project team and then staff having to come and say.

67
00:10:31.170 --> 00:10:36.150
Arun S M: The final goal for incentivizing such bounty programs.

68
00:10:38.250 --> 00:10:52.530
Arun S M: So, based on the meeting previous meeting records I captured this one statement, but again is this is a This is something which we can always revisit and see what each project think of that respect to.

69
00:10:53.550 --> 00:10:54.690
Arun S M: The practice.

70
00:10:55.830 --> 00:10:58.260
Arun S M: And also, we need to get agreement from the staff itself.

71
00:10:59.580 --> 00:10:59.940
Arun S M: Now.

72
00:11:01.620 --> 00:11:10.440
Arun S M: The open item that was identified is tight hyper ledger currently does not have a while variability disclosure process define anywhere.

73
00:11:11.700 --> 00:11:12.120
Arun S M: and

74
00:11:13.170 --> 00:11:23.580
Arun S M: These things or help us in and audit as well, where we can say this project took all the right measures then and.

75
00:11:25.200 --> 00:11:28.500
Arun S M: Against this dictate the potential race cars.

76
00:11:29.670 --> 00:11:34.860
Arun S M: And, and these are the like mitigation steps that the project team to attack point in time.

77
00:11:36.510 --> 00:11:42.120
Arun S M: So this is one of the bigger open items to be addressed.

78
00:11:43.380 --> 00:11:54.360
Arun S M: And the recommendation was to have score cards for each security guaranteed of the project right, so it may not go per project like we should probably define.

79
00:11:55.170 --> 00:12:01.650
Arun S M: Say tough generics scoring guidelines for each project, and we need to come up with the list of.

80
00:12:02.640 --> 00:12:17.220
Arun S M: list of those criteria against which we need to score each project, for instance, the CIA badging was one search criteria like maybe we need to introduce those additional criteria and then recommendation is to look into what open ssl has been defining.

81
00:12:19.980 --> 00:12:23.430
Arun S M: Now the next topic that is also kind of controversial is.

82
00:12:24.630 --> 00:12:27.450
Arun S M: In terms of auditing the security audits.

83
00:12:29.910 --> 00:12:37.740
Arun S M: So, since there is cost involved with security audits and that's a considerable amount to be spent.

84
00:12:39.540 --> 00:12:48.930
Arun S M: Who which project should be considered for for this process, it should it be graduated projects only, or should it be on projects and then those projects.

85
00:12:49.590 --> 00:13:04.260
Arun S M: Which are just incubated they come to tsa in us for special approval to get their software audited and even if tasc audits, it would it be the final decision or would it have to go through Governing Board, because of the budgeting concerns.

86
00:13:06.090 --> 00:13:08.490
Arun S M: So that's an open item or that.

87
00:13:10.020 --> 00:13:19.140
Arun S M: mean that was the recommendation or the discussion tended towards in the task force that the these projects, come to tlc.

88
00:13:20.400 --> 00:13:26.310
Arun S M: Unless they are graduated project, but still, there is a clause that it needs to be approved by the governing board.

89
00:13:29.430 --> 00:13:33.900
Arun S M: And the last item but not the least thats related to binary distribution.

90
00:13:35.910 --> 00:13:43.770
Arun S M: So, within hyper ledger they're having there are projects which are releasing packages job packages Ross crates and PM packages.

91
00:13:44.610 --> 00:13:55.710
Arun S M: And each the process involved over there are pretty much tied to a certain member in the Community with somebody in the staff, but there is no generic.

92
00:13:56.460 --> 00:14:12.750
Arun S M: definition or generic mechanism through which somebody can go and some new project can come and start using that process, so this process is not defined it's rather known to certain people in the Community understand right.

93
00:14:14.100 --> 00:14:27.090
Arun S M: So that's an open item to be addressed and in terms of apart for these gaps and opportunities the tasks to be pending tasks to be done, art, we need to come up with those CV scoring.

94
00:14:28.860 --> 00:14:31.560
Arun S M: Question there's that name that are to be introduced.

95
00:14:32.700 --> 00:14:37.650
Arun S M: and define the scorecard items that we said each project will list against them.

96
00:14:39.450 --> 00:14:46.260
Arun S M: For a minute to come up with the policies for responsible vulnerabilities disclosures, we need to define the signing process.

97
00:14:47.640 --> 00:14:58.230
Arun S M: And, in the final item is tied throughout this task force discussion which happened over multiple months they were topics that were off from these.

98
00:14:58.980 --> 00:15:05.310
Arun S M: Foresight items like topics us to go here in there because security, as you know, is a white console.

99
00:15:05.970 --> 00:15:13.110
Arun S M: Like we cannot really put a boundary for security and say hey, this is the scope of security, it can go across any layer it can go.

100
00:15:13.620 --> 00:15:30.360
Arun S M: To any aspect of your system from design to implementation to release and distribution everywhere so security really cannot be boxed in something so, even though these are recommendations, there is a proposal to create a new working group.

101
00:15:31.500 --> 00:15:33.840
Arun S M: For the security process updates.

102
00:15:37.710 --> 00:15:42.570
Arun S M: So with that I will take a pass and open up for comments.

103
00:15:44.400 --> 00:15:48.210
Arun S M: So one of the thing one of the US or here is.

104
00:15:49.530 --> 00:16:03.330
Arun S M: i'll share the link in the meeting notes are probably put it over there, please go here and then add in your comments and do join our next meeting, if you have any comments on any of these items and.

105
00:16:04.380 --> 00:16:10.110
Arun S M: let's track exactly these tasks that are open and let's try target to close these tasks.

106
00:16:11.160 --> 00:16:12.630
Arun S M: With recommendations.

107
00:16:14.730 --> 00:16:16.530
Danno Ferrin: Is the next meeting tomorrow or next week.

108
00:16:18.510 --> 00:16:20.070
Arun S M: Tomorrow, if i'm not wrong.

109
00:16:20.820 --> 00:16:25.080
Danno Ferrin: Okay, it is the same time of the day tomorrow.

110
00:16:26.730 --> 00:16:32.880
Arun S M: Yes, it's one hour and then it's right now it's 7:30pm in India would be 30.

111
00:16:34.260 --> 00:16:36.300
Danno Ferrin: An hour after when this meeting will happen cool.

112
00:16:41.490 --> 00:16:45.660
Danno Ferrin: Any other people on the call have comments on anything that was said or questions.

113
00:16:51.540 --> 00:16:56.610
Danno Ferrin: How many people know in their project who get security issues and.

114
00:16:57.630 --> 00:16:58.560
Danno Ferrin: Who should get them.

115
00:17:05.040 --> 00:17:07.500
Dave Enyeart: I know for fabric, I get them safe.

116
00:17:08.580 --> 00:17:09.090
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

117
00:17:09.180 --> 00:17:13.170
Dave Enyeart: But before I got it, it was really unclear who got him.

118
00:17:17.790 --> 00:17:19.170
Danno Ferrin: yeah he came up here.

119
00:17:19.770 --> 00:17:26.640
Hart Montgomery: yeah so I was just gonna say that we have a lot of projects with only with none or a few people.

120
00:17:27.810 --> 00:17:37.800
Hart Montgomery: A new it'd be nice if we had some sort of like we had enough people for redundancy like Dave I think something got sent when you were on vacation.

121
00:17:40.860 --> 00:17:42.450
Hart Montgomery: Like last summer.

122
00:17:47.850 --> 00:17:58.890
Hart Montgomery: And it would just be nice if we had enough people on you know right now it's the mailing list, but you know, whatever people decide, you know how we want to communicate the security issues.

123
00:17:59.910 --> 00:18:03.270
Hart Montgomery: would be nice if we had enough people on all the projects for some redundancy.

124
00:18:06.960 --> 00:18:11.070
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): it's hard enough to get one person per project, you have more than one.

125
00:18:13.740 --> 00:18:15.000
Hart Montgomery: yeah I do want more than one.

126
00:18:16.020 --> 00:18:19.140
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): I I mean I understand don't get me wrong, I just don't know.

127
00:18:20.520 --> 00:18:26.580
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): Possible that's all I think, at least, we should have one person has made sure that is the case.

128
00:18:29.220 --> 00:18:33.360
Danno Ferrin: I think the biggest value of having someone on a project is you can get them a security issue that's inbound.

129
00:18:34.110 --> 00:18:39.990
Danno Ferrin: And they can decide whether he should panic when he should only be concerned and whether you should just.

130
00:18:40.680 --> 00:18:48.060
Danno Ferrin: not consuming salt because it's a known issue for the category of applications and that's you know that's the first step of triage anyway.

131
00:18:48.540 --> 00:18:56.730
Danno Ferrin: And that's where prompt response is really, really valuable, especially if it's like some really hot issue like blog bj stuff is going on and basically.

132
00:18:57.600 --> 00:19:06.150
Danno Ferrin: To have someone I realize it's like Oh, my goodness, yes, we do use it and I don't know if they could change it, but we can get a release will that really quick before the whole new cycle, a couple of it.

133
00:19:06.660 --> 00:19:17.040
Danno Ferrin: that's probably one of the more recent examples of a security update we're having a security person, they can gauge the criticality and be able to raise the alarm if it needs to be raised this is kind of important so.

134
00:19:18.960 --> 00:19:26.490
Danno Ferrin: I think that would be one ask us as it as a vice, Chair of all the projects is to at least get one name and let it be known to the security group.

135
00:19:27.690 --> 00:19:34.530
Danno Ferrin: I don't know we have a security group, but you know, put it on your documentation and send it to the security email yeah maybe comment to the Security Task Force.

136
00:19:38.700 --> 00:19:46.170
Hart Montgomery: yeah that was one of the other sort of things, is that it might make sense to have a longer term security group I don't know what.

137
00:19:48.870 --> 00:19:50.190
Hart Montgomery: What form that would take.

138
00:19:53.250 --> 00:19:56.700
Hart Montgomery: But that might also make it easier to marshal people for.

139
00:19:58.170 --> 00:19:59.460
Hart Montgomery: The mailing list and other stuff.

140
00:20:00.450 --> 00:20:01.680
Danno Ferrin: yeah and that.

141
00:20:01.770 --> 00:20:04.410
Danno Ferrin: opens up another can of worms.

142
00:20:05.490 --> 00:20:07.980
Danno Ferrin: We used to have working group, so we got rid of working groups.

143
00:20:09.540 --> 00:20:20.400
Danno Ferrin: In favorite Task Force, the task force need to have work product results from them, but at the same time having a standing group that has like the blessing of hyper ledger to meet together is like say.

144
00:20:21.030 --> 00:20:29.490
Danno Ferrin: A security group that meets or regional chapter, there is value there about you know how would we go about that, yes, is the next question and ethan.

145
00:20:31.950 --> 00:20:40.560
Nathan George: Well, and this is an area where you know the security goes beyond just the see the ease and kind of just active code issues there's a lot of.

146
00:20:40.980 --> 00:20:55.350
Nathan George: best practices for blockchains that I think as a as hyper ledger we ought to be saying things about like, how do we do key management correctly and how do we make sure that the types of continuity that are blockchains rely on our part of the security audit the system.

147
00:20:56.580 --> 00:20:57.150
Nathan George: And so.

148
00:20:58.260 --> 00:21:04.710
Nathan George: I agree that it would be good to have some mechanism for that, and whether that means we need a task force for particular paper.

149
00:21:05.280 --> 00:21:19.050
Nathan George: That we just kind of rolled the group from paper to paper or whether that looks more like a great group, I think the work we see here from from what a rune has been able to coordinate shows there's a lot of value we can add the maintainer with with what with what these guys are doing.

150
00:21:21.630 --> 00:21:21.960
Nathan George: well.

151
00:21:24.240 --> 00:21:37.560
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): yeah as a side note, I mean you said we got rid of working groups i've heard that before, this is not accurate right, I mean we still have working groups, but we did is we removed the.

152
00:21:38.940 --> 00:21:49.590
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): The constraint for working groups to have some deliverables and say Okay, you have a deliverable and it's fairly you know time bounded you should create a task force.

153
00:21:50.010 --> 00:21:59.850
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): dedicated to that deliverable within that timeframe, but working groups were left alone and turn into more like long term discussion groups.

154
00:22:00.450 --> 00:22:13.620
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And the fact is, they are more or less all in limbo, and it may give us the impression that well, they just don't exist and we got rid of them, but technically we haven't gotten rid of that.

155
00:22:15.480 --> 00:22:21.660
Danno Ferrin: Okay i'll have to look up the history and see what the exact voting was but yeah that I can't exactly.

156
00:22:23.820 --> 00:22:31.830
Hart Montgomery: Do I fell for that trap myself if you go back in the email list and like November 2019 you can see exactly what happened we came very close.

157
00:22:32.400 --> 00:22:34.230
Danno Ferrin: Okay, so it can still happen.

158
00:22:36.120 --> 00:22:36.570
Danno Ferrin: cool.

159
00:22:36.600 --> 00:22:37.530
Danno Ferrin: Bobby had her hand up.

160
00:22:45.090 --> 00:22:46.740
Ry Jones: Bobby we can't hear you.

161
00:22:51.720 --> 00:22:55.650
Danno Ferrin: I wonder she's in her car and they got the radio instead of her.

162
00:22:55.800 --> 00:22:58.560
Ry Jones: that's what I would guess it sounds like a guy talking on the radio.

163
00:23:03.720 --> 00:23:05.130
Danno Ferrin: come off mute Hello.

164
00:23:09.240 --> 00:23:11.070
Danno Ferrin: she's got wrong input on it looks like.

165
00:23:15.150 --> 00:23:16.650
Ry Jones: Sorry Bobby still can't hear you.

166
00:23:17.010 --> 00:23:18.180
Bobbi Muscara: Okay i'll try.

167
00:23:18.570 --> 00:23:20.250
Danno Ferrin: Oh no, no, you got it that's right.

168
00:23:21.150 --> 00:23:33.420
Bobbi Muscara: Actually, not in my car i'm on my computer I don't know why that happened, but for me i'm just the learning materials working group was one of the active test working groups when that ruling came down in.

169
00:23:34.710 --> 00:23:45.630
Bobbi Muscara: and basically everybody is correct in saying that the removal was just the fact that we had work product do so I know my group is here to onboard newcomers and collect.

170
00:23:46.110 --> 00:23:55.320
Bobbi Muscara: Obviously, learning materials so it's kind of permeates through all of the different projects and groups and that's why we keep going, and I think the task force for security.

171
00:23:55.920 --> 00:24:06.960
Bobbi Muscara: Issues might be the same kind of thing where it's beneficial to all the different projects that are going on my thoughts so yeah we still meet every week, we still have.

172
00:24:08.070 --> 00:24:16.770
Bobbi Muscara: We have for entrance into the global forum we're working on the document Task Force, so we still keep moving we just don't report to anybody anymore.

173
00:24:17.910 --> 00:24:18.450
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

174
00:24:19.410 --> 00:24:20.310
that's good to hear.

175
00:24:21.630 --> 00:24:23.760
Danno Ferrin: i'm really you've had for a while.

176
00:24:25.260 --> 00:24:29.310
Arun S M: Right i'm searching for this reactions on while sharing the screen so.

177
00:24:30.360 --> 00:24:38.430
Arun S M: I think I feel I see a value in have I don't know if we want to call it a working group or if working group structure does not exist anymore.

178
00:24:39.180 --> 00:24:47.940
Arun S M: But I definitely see a value in having a group of Members from each project, whether they are designated as security mavens from each project or not.

179
00:24:48.690 --> 00:24:50.520
Arun S M: Having them meet regularly.

180
00:24:50.850 --> 00:24:51.180
and

181
00:24:52.800 --> 00:24:56.100
Arun S M: We want to establish an ecosystem, where everybody shares.

182
00:24:57.120 --> 00:25:01.830
Arun S M: What they have found from their project and share their learnings with others are probably.

183
00:25:02.940 --> 00:25:08.580
Arun S M: Just learn from others and see what other communities outside hyper ledger are trying to do, and probably come up with.

184
00:25:09.780 --> 00:25:12.150
Arun S M: Better measures, some of that could also include.

185
00:25:13.260 --> 00:25:26.880
Arun S M: Involving I mean running a Community meeting like that would also help in a way to take feedback from the people who are using those projects, so they can come in, they can add their comments and that can go in as a feedback.

186
00:25:28.080 --> 00:25:36.750
Arun S M: Even if it is let's say a meeting run once per month, which means this 12 hours in eight years that's still a value to the Community.

187
00:25:38.190 --> 00:25:47.910
Arun S M: So if there is no framework to create a task i'm sorry working group, I would still recommend that we come up with a mechanism to have this group functional.

188
00:25:49.470 --> 00:25:53.010
Danno Ferrin: yeah i'm i've got some of the details on it now too so yeah we.

189
00:25:53.010 --> 00:25:54.480
Arun S M: Can we can.

190
00:25:54.510 --> 00:26:10.650
Danno Ferrin: form them it's just the word products, the key differentiator that working groups don't have work product and they don't need a quarterly reports because back in the olden days the tasc before my time, I think the working groups, how to do quarterly report to which got cumbersome.

191
00:26:15.180 --> 00:26:15.660
Danno Ferrin: cool.

192
00:26:17.100 --> 00:26:19.350
Danno Ferrin: Any other questions or comments.

193
00:26:25.320 --> 00:26:31.650
Danno Ferrin: i'll make a point to call him to this task force tomorrow and see if we want to go down the formal working groups.

194
00:26:33.360 --> 00:26:36.000
Danno Ferrin: step and then work through some of these tasks so.

195
00:26:38.160 --> 00:26:45.630
Danno Ferrin: Right, I think the next item on the agenda is my my task force project scab Task Force.

196
00:26:46.800 --> 00:26:52.080
Danno Ferrin: So we had a couple of meetings off schedule not have skipped a lot week up meeting.

197
00:26:52.980 --> 00:27:02.370
Danno Ferrin: rtc yeah from that and this yesterday, we did a bunch of discovery, so I put together a synthesis of all the things that i've heard it was mostly listening session, to see what it is.

198
00:27:02.640 --> 00:27:09.810
Danno Ferrin: And I tried to develop some of the themes and person going to read through the the top bullet points of this document and then come back and have a discussion on each one of them.

199
00:27:10.380 --> 00:27:16.680
Danno Ferrin: But the first question is there is a few structural questions, I think we need to answer before we can come up with some recommendations.

200
00:27:17.160 --> 00:27:25.500
Danno Ferrin: Of the first actual question is what's the viability of appetite of a top level project that services quote a single chain, or only one type of the deal team.

201
00:27:26.550 --> 00:27:30.360
Danno Ferrin: There is there's that deep Well, the answer that question of what if what, if not.

202
00:27:31.770 --> 00:27:39.150
Danno Ferrin: The next question is, what about gaps there actually features of a project, rather than a standalone project, how do you want to address that.

203
00:27:40.320 --> 00:27:46.920
Danno Ferrin: And I think the third question it's more of an existential question is how close to the core of deal T code does a project have to be.

204
00:27:47.610 --> 00:27:55.650
Danno Ferrin: Is you know hyper ledger enterprise block chain, what does that really mean we've had a lot of focus these past few years on building the lts from the ground up.

205
00:27:56.250 --> 00:28:09.630
Danno Ferrin: The part of that could have been because enterprise deal to us really didn't exist, five years ago when when this whole project started up, so there was a lot of bootstrapping going on, and now that the bootstrapping is done, do we look forward, and what do we look forward to.

206
00:28:11.310 --> 00:28:16.470
Danno Ferrin: So identified about five major themes from the discovery.

207
00:28:17.850 --> 00:28:29.400
Danno Ferrin: Is scroll down a bit to try and get as many those in there and I ordered these basically kind of like a stack from quote unquote further away from the dlc cord down to the dlc code itself.

208
00:28:30.960 --> 00:28:38.190
Danno Ferrin: There are multiple mentions of end user focus features like wallets me for this for this meeting secret storage.

209
00:28:39.600 --> 00:28:41.220
Danno Ferrin: How to handle that potential storage.

210
00:28:42.270 --> 00:28:54.150
Danno Ferrin: The various in the various scope, the other user how they're using a new enterprises have different needs for their sightings supports then say a single end user trackers and identity card to prove that they're 21 it can get into the console.

211
00:28:55.170 --> 00:29:09.780
Danno Ferrin: versus the department, you know, showing that they have purchasing authority so there's scopes on some of those wallet to the end user usability issues where they could be using you know, identity and the lts sort of stuff but how do we, you know solve that last mile problem with us.

212
00:29:11.610 --> 00:29:15.840
Danno Ferrin: The second category below end user and user experience issues.

213
00:29:17.010 --> 00:29:18.870
Danno Ferrin: Are what I would call applications.

214
00:29:22.110 --> 00:29:25.110
Danno Ferrin: This will be like something you build on top of a deal team.

215
00:29:25.860 --> 00:29:38.460
Danno Ferrin: And the two scopes are like General APP feature libraries like you might want to have a library that help you to tokens in the various you know work itself into the front end of you write your ui code or in your back end code.

216
00:29:38.940 --> 00:29:49.110
Danno Ferrin: And empties and various ux libraries to build these applications build these prophecies were what it was called gaps and I don't quite know what there's an exact equivalent in fabric.

217
00:29:49.500 --> 00:29:58.560
Danno Ferrin: or insights or in any of the other block chains in the scope of the dap is different because it could literally be your purchasing system is what what's interacting with.

218
00:29:59.850 --> 00:30:08.490
Danno Ferrin: And the next category of application are basically domain specific toolkits I put supply chain up there's the first one, because grits kind of covered that already so that's not really a gap.

219
00:30:08.970 --> 00:30:15.540
Danno Ferrin: But there's other commonly talked about area such as Providence and proving that you know this was registered this time or this was recorded here.

220
00:30:16.290 --> 00:30:31.890
Danno Ferrin: And finally, exchanges to get the token thing which is really, really hot right now, you know help people the indexes or sex or sex a centralized succeeds, this is, you know something you know if we want to get into it or not, but it's a potential gap and that's questions to answer.

221
00:30:33.330 --> 00:30:41.460
Danno Ferrin: the middle of the stack is crushing interoperability, we really have cactus and some other projects and lapses lever and.

222
00:30:42.330 --> 00:30:45.510
Danno Ferrin: Usually that addresses this cross chain and rapidly problem.

223
00:30:46.080 --> 00:30:56.220
Danno Ferrin: And you know I think we got some good work going into the projects and just need some more crystallization as to what is being provided if there's any more guests coming in there and I think the three big themes that are coming in there.

224
00:30:57.510 --> 00:31:04.260
Danno Ferrin: Are interrupting between private ledger's and are operating between a public ledger going to private ledger and enter operating the tweets in public lectures.

225
00:31:04.860 --> 00:31:13.710
Danno Ferrin: The public ledger is you know traditionally be the stuff that's in the you know will be considered the non enterprise block chain but there's more pressure.

226
00:31:14.160 --> 00:31:24.090
Danno Ferrin: To get enterprises to use those changes, even though there's he just use a space and expense there's still a lot of driving gravitate towards, and there are some solutions there, such as layer two.

227
00:31:24.960 --> 00:31:33.720
Danno Ferrin: Other interesting things on so that's the question of how enterprises could access those and still access their private data and keep it and see.

228
00:31:35.760 --> 00:31:43.590
Danno Ferrin: The low, that is a category of tools, I would call related operating running a chain originally had this two groups.

229
00:31:45.960 --> 00:31:53.340
Danno Ferrin: One design read people who were standing up for the first time and delivering the application and then they moved on to the operating team.

230
00:31:53.850 --> 00:32:03.630
Danno Ferrin: But really those there's the same category task, the same their tasks, you know operate you don't write the dlc code, but you work directly with the lt code either set it up or make sure, things are going.

231
00:32:04.140 --> 00:32:15.240
Danno Ferrin: And this is where it kind of gets a little fuzzy into the what's the project and what's the feature of the deal T, so this is, you know for projects that come in here, you know orchestration can show value outside of plain old.

232
00:32:16.380 --> 00:32:20.730
Danno Ferrin: Working with the lt and we got a couple of those as incubating projects and as.

233
00:32:22.020 --> 00:32:29.190
Danno Ferrin: As a labs projects already there are some other non not hyper ledger projects that exhibit some of these things.

234
00:32:29.760 --> 00:32:33.990
Danno Ferrin: So there's there's some questions here then finally there's the base layer i'm.

235
00:32:34.620 --> 00:32:49.500
Danno Ferrin: A request is coming regularly when we have these gaps just trying to create a common consensus interface, so that if you have raft or the various maneuvers of the FT or, if you want to use a proof of stake algorithm and somehow integrated with your generic back end.

236
00:32:50.790 --> 00:32:52.170
Danno Ferrin: And in the.

237
00:32:53.490 --> 00:33:02.280
Danno Ferrin: In the theory of moral am outside of here bro there's a big push towards they called modular blockchains where you would have you would.

238
00:33:03.330 --> 00:33:13.110
Danno Ferrin: Basically, how another block chain handle your security and you would just handle the transaction processing and the one like that is where a common consensus interface from from.

239
00:33:14.400 --> 00:33:19.110
Danno Ferrin: hyper ledger could be useful, because then you plug it into something that the enterprise's can use it and comfortable with.

240
00:33:20.100 --> 00:33:27.510
Danno Ferrin: and using existing tools so provides opportunities for people to sell stuff then, finally, of course, there is the New Deal teams i've just been said that.

241
00:33:27.960 --> 00:33:36.900
Danno Ferrin: we're kind of full with the lts but if there's something really interesting coming along that we'd be interested, so you know just just reiterating what's been said before.

242
00:33:37.860 --> 00:33:45.690
Danno Ferrin: That so it's just listening to complete thing of where the projects that I expect calculator to be able to present from the sentences that people might want.

243
00:33:46.470 --> 00:33:55.020
Danno Ferrin: I haven't gone through and identify which labs correspond which one of these categories that's probably The next task in the next blockchain meeting here in a couple weeks.

244
00:33:57.210 --> 00:34:08.190
Danno Ferrin: But there is what final topic to what is out of scope, and these have been standing I think he's three big things of standard since the dawn of Ai villager and I don't see them changing.

245
00:34:08.910 --> 00:34:18.030
Danno Ferrin: And there might be things to grow to it but i'm not sure how much needs to grow out of that the first thing it's out of scope is operating and public numbers I villagers not can run the hyper ledger network.

246
00:34:19.500 --> 00:34:24.270
Danno Ferrin: The nexus hosting a specific application hyper ledger is not gonna host specific.

247
00:34:25.620 --> 00:34:39.900
Danno Ferrin: Specific depth to do identity problems that's not like hyper ledger right the software they don't run the application and finally have something to discuss it hasn't had any reason to change it is a hyper ledger is not a standard spot in.

248
00:34:41.010 --> 00:34:55.650
Danno Ferrin: The market research and development software development collaborative and standards is a very, very different beast than the sort of things that i've seen going on in hyper ledger so those I think it'd be the three things that will be out of scope.

249
00:34:56.700 --> 00:34:57.300
Danno Ferrin: So.

250
00:34:58.500 --> 00:35:02.490
Danno Ferrin: Any comments on top level before we go back and discuss the open questions.

251
00:35:09.180 --> 00:35:11.940
Danno Ferrin: Alright, see that list to start with the first structural question oh.

252
00:35:12.300 --> 00:35:20.280
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): The reason, yes, sorry sorry dunno just the point, though, I mean the areas group is developing a specification.

253
00:35:22.230 --> 00:35:24.540
Danno Ferrin: But is it like a ISO standard.

254
00:35:25.650 --> 00:35:34.080
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): No, of course, not and nobody could do that here, but you could develop a specification, which is then submitted.

255
00:35:34.080 --> 00:35:37.710
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): To some other standards organizations for standardization.

256
00:35:39.840 --> 00:35:45.180
Danno Ferrin: So that's probably something worth them, let me bring up my second edited, it is worth mentioning as a sub point on there.

257
00:35:46.320 --> 00:35:47.040
Danno Ferrin: i'm.

258
00:35:51.990 --> 00:35:54.510
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): Not logged in I am not good at it.

259
00:35:56.400 --> 00:36:05.250
Ry Jones: So I will point out in this, this is just to expand on sorry Daniel and our nose point.

260
00:36:06.600 --> 00:36:14.310
Ry Jones: hyper ledger would need a completely different legal structure to to have standards and be a standards body.

261
00:36:14.850 --> 00:36:26.310
Ry Jones: And the rules will be completely different from what we have now So yes, producing something that becomes the standard is you know one thing and being a standards body and issuing standards is.

262
00:36:27.630 --> 00:36:28.440
Another Thank you.

263
00:36:32.790 --> 00:36:36.210
Danno Ferrin: yep cool and I room, how does end up in the back down.

264
00:36:37.020 --> 00:36:41.040
Arun S M: Because I answered that question, so I was about to ask the same question.

265
00:36:42.060 --> 00:36:42.480
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

266
00:36:43.680 --> 00:36:45.180
Arun S M: that's cool.

267
00:36:46.440 --> 00:36:56.850
Danno Ferrin: So, going back to the top, the first question is, and this is an open question for Jesse and anyone else on the call is what is the appetite for quote unquote signal chain top level projects.

268
00:36:57.630 --> 00:37:04.680
Danno Ferrin: i've seen that one of the standards being applied to step at our deities is that they need to have applicability to multiple types of deities.

269
00:37:05.970 --> 00:37:16.260
Danno Ferrin: I guess is one way to phrase it as a type of the lt rather than just being a project to provide services to just say the Assyrian network or say to sought to or to just end.

270
00:37:18.780 --> 00:37:28.770
Danno Ferrin: Because that's That was the Charter for explorer and for composer was that they were supposed to be multi chain is that something we still want to continue what do we think it's going to work.

271
00:37:30.240 --> 00:37:31.080
Danno Ferrin: Has it working.

272
00:37:35.280 --> 00:37:35.700
Danno Ferrin: Nathan.

273
00:37:36.990 --> 00:37:43.860
Nathan George: i'm Mike intention is if those projects were sub projects of fabric, they probably would have been more successful.

274
00:37:44.340 --> 00:37:53.400
Nathan George: um I don't know if that's true i'm not close enough to what's going on in fabric, to know, but we have had projects that we treat a lot like this on the Aries Hello Jerry side.

275
00:37:53.700 --> 00:38:01.380
Nathan George: indie doesn't have this so much is areas does because areas works on the peer to peer protocol part of digital identity, and so we have.

276
00:38:01.710 --> 00:38:09.060
Nathan George: You know repositories that handle, just like the mobile edge wallets we have repositories that handled the particular.

277
00:38:09.870 --> 00:38:19.350
Nathan George: programming languages, libraries and integrations and the group works together fairly well because of standards efforts that exist outside of hyper ledger.

278
00:38:20.100 --> 00:38:31.650
Nathan George: At diff because of some of the standards things we pointed out, but the code gets implemented at hyper ledger first and the standards tend to follow what's already in the code because it's hard to standardize something you have tried before.

279
00:38:32.700 --> 00:38:33.120
Nathan George: and

280
00:38:35.250 --> 00:38:36.930
Nathan George: So I think that this.

281
00:38:36.960 --> 00:38:51.000
Nathan George: is viable, but it does introduce kind of a level of abstraction into our governance model that we need to be prepared for, in order to make it work well, because I think even now in Aries there's some.

282
00:38:52.050 --> 00:38:57.030
Nathan George: governance issues that have come up because not all the frameworks are always in sync are always.

283
00:38:58.140 --> 00:39:00.300
Nathan George: Working on the same stuff the same feature set.

284
00:39:03.270 --> 00:39:03.750
Nathan George: Okay.

285
00:39:04.020 --> 00:39:17.610
Danno Ferrin: So let me post a hypothetical question to illustrate one of the questions I had to get an answer let's say I want to write an identity wallet in integrates with the luda blockchain and I want to be part of areas and y'all are like know how do we handle that.

286
00:39:20.790 --> 00:39:22.590
Nathan George: And that's a really good question so far.

287
00:39:22.680 --> 00:39:32.670
Nathan George: With areas, the answers, been the goal of the project is to keep everyone is interoperable, as we can so you're unlikely to get it no so we haven't hit that.

288
00:39:33.180 --> 00:39:43.050
Nathan George: problem, in particular because we've been bending over backwards to be as inclusive as we can be but that raises this kind of second level governance question of.

289
00:39:44.010 --> 00:39:45.180
Nathan George: How do we deal with.

290
00:39:45.210 --> 00:39:49.770
Nathan George: You know irreconcilable differences, perhaps like if the go framework folks decide that.

291
00:39:50.280 --> 00:40:01.080
Nathan George: The cryptography that the rest folks are using isn't suitable and go and they want to do something completely different, you know it has, how do we reconcile issues where they don't want to be compatible anymore.

292
00:40:03.870 --> 00:40:04.350
Danno Ferrin: Right.

293
00:40:04.590 --> 00:40:05.790
Danno Ferrin: Or you know.

294
00:40:06.390 --> 00:40:11.190
Danno Ferrin: areas is making a point to be compatible there when it comes along But what if you know.

295
00:40:12.930 --> 00:40:20.550
Danno Ferrin: there's some ethereum project, and we, the basic team say it's like that is nowhere near what we do, we don't think you should be a sub project, give us.

296
00:40:21.750 --> 00:40:30.420
Danno Ferrin: like an nfc storefront and we're like that has nothing to do with an affiliate client, why does it need to be other stuff How should we handle that.

297
00:40:38.130 --> 00:40:47.850
Nathan George: I don't know that I have a good answer to that I think you're right, it does have to decide and I don't think anyone can force it on them right because.

298
00:40:48.390 --> 00:40:56.820
Nathan George: The all the projects for all the sub projects, for instance, under areas do coordinate across each other and they're part of areas because they're working on some of it.

299
00:40:57.150 --> 00:41:06.120
Nathan George: Where they wants to be interoperable and stay interoperable over time and if if you don't have that quality it's really difficult to to make something sustainable.

300
00:41:07.620 --> 00:41:08.010
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

301
00:41:08.580 --> 00:41:10.680
Danno Ferrin: So we'll leave that question is.

302
00:41:11.460 --> 00:41:12.240
depends.

303
00:41:13.290 --> 00:41:15.420
Danno Ferrin: each situation is going to be different will see to that.

304
00:41:16.440 --> 00:41:21.270
Danno Ferrin: single team projects should try and work with WHO they're single changes.

305
00:41:22.440 --> 00:41:32.130
Danno Ferrin: But we're not going to force it on people So what about features that are more like gaps project gaps and we're like features for standalone projects such as.

306
00:41:33.000 --> 00:41:40.860
Danno Ferrin: The one that i'm specifically thinking about isn't survivability because you could take you know your existing project and you could integrate.

307
00:41:41.730 --> 00:41:53.220
Danno Ferrin: For me atheists or open telemetry observe ability features in there does that requires separate sub projects now maybe doesn't maybe it doesn't but what what.

308
00:41:54.390 --> 00:42:00.570
Danno Ferrin: You know what ability to, we have to tell particular sub project, you need to add this feature.

309
00:42:02.340 --> 00:42:05.250
Danno Ferrin: delete can we recommend it healthy do it.

310
00:42:11.790 --> 00:42:12.300
Danno Ferrin: I mean.

311
00:42:13.710 --> 00:42:26.190
Arun S M: it's a good question, and when you currently look when we currently look at all the projects that are under hyper ledger I don't see we have that many projects that can say hey we do have scope defined for observable.

312
00:42:27.810 --> 00:42:28.860
Arun S M: Clearly right so.

313
00:42:30.000 --> 00:42:46.230
Arun S M: Some of them in this topic specifically has to be an independent project that can stand alone and it's fine if they start supporting initial set of projects by the adoption depends on how the tool itself is probably define.

314
00:42:48.960 --> 00:43:03.330
Arun S M: It say let's say a project start supporting fabric, to start with, and then eventually people who start using it, they like it, and then they see oh there's a value for me to extend our otter plugin that can start supporting this additional project that island.

315
00:43:05.460 --> 00:43:11.970
Arun S M: But observer ability itself is a big question and it's a big concern as well that has been brought up multiple times.

316
00:43:14.100 --> 00:43:14.370
yeah.

317
00:43:21.060 --> 00:43:25.200
Danno Ferrin: Alright, so I think a third question to ask you.

318
00:43:26.400 --> 00:43:29.430
Danno Ferrin: is how close to dlc core code does a project, need to be.

319
00:43:30.840 --> 00:43:34.320
Danno Ferrin: There is a you know some of these higher level features like.

320
00:43:35.640 --> 00:43:41.310
Danno Ferrin: crushing compatibility can work without having to touch dlc code if it's using the right interfaces the applications will.

321
00:43:42.030 --> 00:43:52.830
Danno Ferrin: If it has to mess, with the dlc code and it's not really an application it's a customization of the chain, and he then user wallets I mean there's no way on earth, they can hope to change the dlc code.

322
00:43:54.690 --> 00:43:57.510
Danno Ferrin: Are these viable projects for hyper ledger that we want them.

323
00:44:01.530 --> 00:44:05.970
Danno Ferrin: And how far up the chain do we want to go to the want to go all the way eventually today.

324
00:44:13.470 --> 00:44:13.980
Danno Ferrin: I know.

325
00:44:15.600 --> 00:44:22.260
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): We touched a little bit at the you know, on the topic when was it greed came about.

326
00:44:24.000 --> 00:44:34.170
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): It wasn't clear does that even belong here and we actually raised the question, all the way to the going boards and then was like yeah they're like that's fine.

327
00:44:34.770 --> 00:44:44.190
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): You can do that, I think, initially, honestly, there was a you know the Members that created the hyper ledger were a bit.

328
00:44:44.700 --> 00:44:55.020
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): You know unsure about how far we should go as an open source community, because there was this notion that we all wanted to be able to.

329
00:44:55.470 --> 00:45:05.310
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): You know, have developed the you know additional layers on top, on which we could actually you know license and make money of.

330
00:45:05.790 --> 00:45:18.330
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And so there was this idea that hyper religious should focus on the lower level I don't think that's so true anymore, things have changed, I mean blockchain is become more of a Community and.

331
00:45:19.140 --> 00:45:28.200
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): I don't think that the it matters as much, and I don't think there will be as much reluctance to going up the stack commit.

332
00:45:29.250 --> 00:45:30.120
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): As they used to be.

333
00:45:47.430 --> 00:45:47.820
Ry Jones: Jim.

334
00:45:49.170 --> 00:46:02.610
Jim Zhang: yeah I definitely feel the same way here the if we look at cloud native as sort of a model Community they've got hundreds of projects, many top level ones.

335
00:46:03.900 --> 00:46:07.890
Jim Zhang: spend a very deep in the stack and pretty wide.

336
00:46:09.600 --> 00:46:17.640
Jim Zhang: And for the block chain space, I think we're still in the early days right we're just barely passing the adoption of the lt layer and.

337
00:46:18.600 --> 00:46:31.740
Jim Zhang: Common patterns are just starting to merge further up the stack I think we should sort of have an open arm posture to you know all kinds of proposals anywhere in the stack.

338
00:46:33.000 --> 00:46:33.930
Jim Zhang: So.

339
00:46:35.070 --> 00:46:48.210
Jim Zhang: I feel like that that's how we built a vibrant vibrant community to have people with good ideas and high quality code to feel hyper ledger is the place to be if they want to contribute to somewhere.

340
00:47:16.080 --> 00:47:21.990
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): yeah, also in terms of I think it's kind of natural evolution for hyper ledger to.

341
00:47:22.680 --> 00:47:34.050
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): expand the scope, because you know as things become more mature at the lower level there isn't that much new developed, and this is going to happen at that lower level.

342
00:47:34.500 --> 00:47:46.500
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): And this, we expand the scope to embrace others eight years I think we're going to be, you know we're now the shrinking Community because there isn't going to be that much stuff to do anymore.

343
00:47:46.920 --> 00:47:58.110
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): I mean when I look at hyper ledger fabric, I mean we are you know, we still have some features, we are adding but the piece of those betas as right for us typically.

344
00:47:58.620 --> 00:48:21.720
Arnaud  Le Hors (IBM): decreased, and I think the same is probably true in other frameworks and it will be anyway, at some point, so I think it is to our benefit to expand the scope for literally like the survival, he it sounds a bit too dramatic, but the more like you know the the evolution of the organization.

345
00:48:29.250 --> 00:48:29.640
Ry Jones: Nathan.

346
00:48:31.080 --> 00:48:31.440
Ry Jones: well.

347
00:48:31.920 --> 00:48:36.690
Nathan George: I think we, we ought to look at where are the exciting or interesting things happening.

348
00:48:37.380 --> 00:48:50.550
Nathan George: I know that for the identities part of the system, a lot of work has gone elsewhere, because the application layer it's been out of scope and there's a lot of interesting things happening for healthcare credentials and for other use case specific items that you know.

349
00:48:51.960 --> 00:49:02.550
Nathan George: Parts of what they're doing probably should live at hyper ledger but other parts might be better off where they were they found a home because they've been able to find more use case experts or.

350
00:49:04.020 --> 00:49:07.320
Nathan George: domain specific experts, where they ended up so.

351
00:49:08.400 --> 00:49:21.540
Nathan George: I guess some of the question that i'm hoping we answer from this list is what gets the most interesting folks to participate in hyper ledger and choose to house their cool new ideas here, as opposed to anywhere else.

352
00:49:33.570 --> 00:49:38.430
Ry Jones: Daniel I don't know if you're aware that you're muted, but if you're saying anything we're not hearing.

353
00:49:39.210 --> 00:49:40.290
Danno Ferrin: you're right, I am muted.

354
00:49:40.350 --> 00:49:50.280
Danno Ferrin: So i'll repeat everything I just said um so I guess to the fourth question I just thought of during this that I think is going to enlighten some of the project gaps.

355
00:49:51.900 --> 00:49:55.740
Danno Ferrin: What is the appetite for inviting projects in that have existing code.

356
00:49:56.940 --> 00:50:05.430
Danno Ferrin: I know that's how basic canaan we were a project and a consensus, and there was identified gap that there was a great need for it, a theorem.

357
00:50:05.970 --> 00:50:17.430
Danno Ferrin: Type deal T in hyper ledger and we came over we were Pantheon we came over as hyper ledger basically in our House in hyper ledger and have a strong identity is hyper ledger basin.

358
00:50:19.170 --> 00:50:30.480
Danno Ferrin: Is this a process that is that works, do we want to continue doing it, or do we want to you know how how committed, are you to greenfield versus brownfield projects, I guess, will be one might look at.

359
00:50:37.200 --> 00:50:39.900
Ry Jones: i'll speak historically.

360
00:50:41.520 --> 00:50:42.930
Ry Jones: i'd say we're about.

361
00:50:45.810 --> 00:50:46.590
Ry Jones: At 20.

362
00:50:47.970 --> 00:50:48.930
Ry Jones: brown versus green.

363
00:50:51.450 --> 00:50:52.110
Ry Jones: I assumed by.

364
00:50:55.620 --> 00:50:58.860
Ry Jones: A lot of this code has come in fairly well developed.

365
00:51:00.300 --> 00:51:12.060
Ry Jones: i'm trying to think of the completely brand new projects that jumped out of hyper ledger and were first developed there I can't think of anything off top my head I don't know.

366
00:51:16.320 --> 00:51:17.640
Ry Jones: Someone else may remember something.

367
00:51:18.960 --> 00:51:21.420
Hart Montgomery: Right, I think you're right, I think it might even be higher.

368
00:51:22.920 --> 00:51:26.730
Hart Montgomery: Everything was either brought in, or Forked off from something that was brought in.

369
00:51:28.470 --> 00:51:40.560
Ry Jones: yeah I was, I was trying to think of like any of the if there are any lab projects that came in as nothing and developed into something that became a project I just maybe you're right maybe it's 100%.

370
00:51:41.910 --> 00:51:47.700
Hart Montgomery: It might it's probably pretty close i'm sure there are there are a lot of labs and i'm sure there are some that started with very little but.

371
00:51:49.380 --> 00:51:50.430
Hart Montgomery: it's going to be high.

372
00:51:54.150 --> 00:51:57.930
Hart Montgomery: That doesn't mean we always have to be that way but that's just what's happened historically.

373
00:51:58.740 --> 00:52:00.720
Ry Jones: yeah if you look at, I have another org.

374
00:52:02.190 --> 00:52:05.970
Ry Jones: Where I park inbound code bases and.

375
00:52:07.740 --> 00:52:09.030
Ry Jones: You know there's a lot of them.

376
00:52:15.180 --> 00:52:15.510
Danno Ferrin: Okay.

377
00:52:17.610 --> 00:52:27.510
Danno Ferrin: So we're coming up on time, I think we got some good questions out some of the structural questions that I think are probably more important than drilling down on each particular project yeah.

378
00:52:28.830 --> 00:52:33.690
Danno Ferrin: The next offsite meeting is going to be the for Tuesday.

379
00:52:34.740 --> 00:52:42.990
Danno Ferrin: With my calendar it's going to be in June I think i'll be in town for that it gets the 21st those to me before.

380
00:52:44.910 --> 00:52:45.540
Danno Ferrin: So.

381
00:52:47.850 --> 00:52:54.510
Danno Ferrin: If people are interested about encourage you to come on this specific page if you can take a projects that.

382
00:52:55.830 --> 00:53:10.050
Danno Ferrin: are not in hyper ledger that might fill in these that might be willing to come in and leave in the comments, so we could get a list of gaps we can either solicit greenville or see if there's other projects that we might want to solicit to come in and help grow the team and grow family.

383
00:53:11.370 --> 00:53:12.090
Danno Ferrin: um.

384
00:53:13.140 --> 00:53:15.060
Danno Ferrin: yeah any any closing comments from anyone.

385
00:53:25.140 --> 00:53:33.510
Danno Ferrin: Okay um if there are none go ahead and close the meeting a few minutes early thanks everyone for coming I will see you again next week.

386
00:53:34.020 --> 00:53:34.380
Hart Montgomery: Thanks a lot.

