1. [Hyperledger Caliper](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Caliper](Hyperledger-Caliper_23101442.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_23101465.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_23101469.html)

# Hyperledger Caliper : 2019-03-20 Minutes

Created by yu pan on Mar 24, 2019

1. Development plans about the Roadmap, Victor and Attila talked about their thoughts.
   
   - Support multi-platform(not only hyperledger project). We can start from Corda and then Quorum. Of course current supported Adapters should continue to be updated.
   - GUI : the other fabric performance tool gived a GUI which makes beginners start easy. Caliper is lack of this. We have already published a internship program about this.
   - Monitoring：now only use some original tools to monitor, it’s better to integrate with Grafana.
   - Reporting: well formatted file is needed.
   - Installation process should be considered again. We might consider about providing Npm package, Docker Image and Vm.  
     
     - Nick will be responsible for Npm package.
     - Kent said someone from PSWG would like to discuss with Caliper about hooking with fabric.  We need to attend next PSWG meeting.
   - Efficiency: some companies used caliper to test TPS with 10,000.  Caliper’s client is not able to support such large sending rate. And the backend blockchain will crash. So we need a  Backend Simulator and increase sending rate.
     
     - Nick: it's better first to upgrade Caliper to Node10, and use multiple threads to send txs.
     - Attila: Fabric's paper gives a mock tool. We can take a look at it.
   - Stability: Caliper is not able to run 24h/ 10k TPS.
   - Documentation: Tutorials Slides(more details, all use this slide ), detailed configuration explanation with examples. The code of the example should be generated from the a tool.
     
     - Kent would like to contribute this.
   - Version:  after an API is fixed, a release will be published. 
     
     - First publish API documentation, make an API list
     - Qinghui will make an API list, take into count that these types of API might be necessary: external user interface, internal, adapters.
     - Tokens are necessary for a release.
2. Findings on the bootcamp: Hrfd , functionality is same as caliper. It has integrated with grafana and also has distributed clients, which are deployed on different dockers. However, it depends on kubernetes, which might be a problem for usage. We need to look into it  and see if there is any other things we can study from . 
   
   - Nick can get documentations to share.
3. Attending an event in May: Nick will check the schedule and try to attend.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
