1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_22153838.html)
4. [Notes](Notes_22153888.html)
5. [2019 Notes](2019-Notes_22153854.html)

# Besu : 2019-11-12 Contributor Call

Created by Danno Ferrin on Nov 12, 2019

Video of call:Â [dummyfile.txt](#)

Adrian Conducting

Events roundup

- EthWaterloo
  
  Tim was there, PegaSys posted a bounty that was successfully claimed
- Eth Denver, EthCC, and HL Global Forum upcoming
  
  HLGF notifications come out Wednesday

Release updates

- Discussed 1.3.3, 1.3.4
- Recapped the 1.4

Work Updates

- ETC support
  
  - Chainsafe has a side fork already syncing to chain head
  - Rest of the PRs are currently coming in.

Other Business

- CI/CD
  
  - Circle CI is now/will be the system publishing artifacts.
  - Circle CI is HLP managed.
- DCO Discussion
- Design Document for Switchable Consensus Parameters
  
  - One Reason: may want to change validators
    
    - because you forked a chain and left a consortia
    - because you lost validator key

Open Forum

- Still working on Active approval process
  
  - Waiting on one TSC committee to review Proposal.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22154086/22156937.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22154086/22154090.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:00

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
