1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_22153838.html)
4. [Agendas](Agendas_22153868.html)
5. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_22154808.html)

# Besu : 2021-09-28 Besu Contributor Call

Created by Francesco Andreoli, last modified by Matthew Wright (Deactivated) on Oct 12, 2021

(Meeting Link: ⁨[https://consensys.zoom.us/j/95691099798](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fconsensys.zoom.us%2Fj%2F95691099798&sa=D&source=calendar&ust=1621094747216000&usg=AOvVaw0DzE1ZLz6VqnubaLGDkBoj))

EMEA/AMER Friendly Time -  1500 UTC ([https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&amp;p1=224&amp;p2=179&amp;p3=1440&amp;p4=195&amp;p5=47](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&p1=224&p2=179&p3=1440&p4=195&p5=47))

- 8 AM Tuesday San Francisco
- 11 AM Tuesday New York
- 3 PM Tuesday UTC
- 5 PM Tuesday Paris/Berlin
- 1 AM Wednesday Brisbane

**Agenda**

- **Housekeeping**
  
  - Antitrust notice - [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/)
  - This meeting is being recorded
  - Please Mute unless speaking
  - If you have a question use the raise hand feature
- **General Announcements**
  
  - TSC Election kicks off on October 1st. Make sure you review the Nominees' bios and vote.
    
    - Deadline 17th October
  - Besu is participating in the Grace Hopper Open Source Day on October 1st.
  - Quarterly year report ([Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence) will post a link)
- **Release updates**
  
  - EVM updates done
- **Work Updates**
  
  - [DRAFT - Pico CLI Plugin Integration](DRAFT---Pico-CLI-Plugin-Integration_22155019.html)
  - Plugin-able RPC Endpoints [https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/2754](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/2754)
    
    - How this could help modularisation and possible further plugin-istation e.g non-core apis become plugins?
- **Other Business**
- **Open Forum**
  
  - Coding conventions (var, varargs, etc)
    
    - writing guidelines on this ([Justin Florentine](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60be12f85c64b100711c51d4?ref=confluence))
- **Future Topics**
  
  - Slack migration ([Matthew Wright (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fb2ceb04a09640069c6345f?ref=confluence) [Francesco Andreoli](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/610104864e8d8d0069291688?ref=confluence) )
  - Static code analysis in general ([Justin Florentine](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60be12f85c64b100711c51d4?ref=confluence) )
    
    - do we like them?
    - do we want to update them?

**View recording:**

[https://consensys.zoom.us/rec/share/MXslXdkrPtTXNdveTYXYnMEVZPKrzu3jpLqewOFt1UgQR1Lwvm89\_7dorVzmBCzL.i37yeIpTe831EUDd](https://consensys.zoom.us/rec/share/MXslXdkrPtTXNdveTYXYnMEVZPKrzu3jpLqewOFt1UgQR1Lwvm89_7dorVzmBCzL.i37yeIpTe831EUDd) 

Passcode: ebl7&amp;?Cm

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Besu PKI Support.pdf](attachments/22155042/22155043.pdf) (application/pdf)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
