1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_22153838.html)
4. [Agendas](Agendas_22153868.html)
5. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_22155133.html)

# Besu : 2022-05-24 Contributor Call

Created by Sally MacFarlane, last modified on May 23, 2022

(Meeting Link: ⁨[https://zoom.us/j/91405289771?pwd=QzA3a0ozTjVSZ0hsYzgwTm9lVDRPQT09](https://zoom.us/j/91405289771?pwd=QzA3a0ozTjVSZ0hsYzgwTm9lVDRPQT09))

APAC Friendly Time ([https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&amp;p1=224&amp;p2=179&amp;p3=1440&amp;p4=195&amp;p5=47](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&p1=224&p2=179&p3=1440&p4=195&p5=47))

- 5 pm Monday Los Angeles
- 8 pm Monday New York
- 1 am  Tuesday UTC
- 3 am Tuesday Paris/Berlin
- 11 am Tuesday Brisbane

**Agenda**

- **Housekeeping**
  
  - Antitrust notice - [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/)
  - This meeting is being recorded
  - Please Mute unless speaking
  - If you have a question use the raise hand feature
- **General Announcements**
  
  - Incentive Program Update: [\[WIP\] Proposal #4](22155367.html) is considered the final proposal.  
    
    - The validators are up and running for now.
    - *Ask: start for community lead initiative for nominations*
      
      - *timeline: 6 months after the Merge*
      - *discussion on wiki or GitHub for the contributions: both for now*
        
        - *use github query (mainnet tag) to inform what goes into the wiki page*
        - *action: conversation thread in discord as to where in wiki this should go - SM - make a proposal*
- **Roadmap Review - [Roadmap](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Roadmap)** 
  
  - Roadmap needs updating
- **Release updates**
  
  - Tracking who is doing each release [Release Rotations 2022](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Release+Rotations+2022)
    
    - *22.4.0-RC2 complete.*
    - *22.4.0 complete*
    - *22.4.1 complete - included Ropsten TTD config*
    - *22.4.2 next - need a volunteer*
- **Work Updates**
  
  - Merge Update:
    
    - *Ongoing UX and other bugs being raised and fixed quickly. Testnet was launched last week. Besu had some syncing challenges.*
    - *Mainnet shadow fork on this Th - went well - set a date to fork Ropsten*
  - Snap Sync: Goerli and Mainnet sync has been tested. Adding benchmarks to identify any other issues. Next call: [Karim Taam](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:595ffa36-5d5e-40b6-b7f0-b39c13201928?ref=confluence)to share broader update. Don't want to have usable snapsync on main branch yet. If it is ready to be tested, will share in besu-contributors once ready. 
    
    - working on a blog on results
  - Danno/Ameziane/Karim looking at performance improvements - tuweni. RocksDB. JNI. Java 19
- **Other Business** 
  
  - Curators (FKA non-code contributors) - draft process [Curators](Curators_22155610.html)
    
    - comment on the wiki page or contact [Sally MacFarlane](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a98a5f381617c2a79536306?ref=confluence)
    - if no comments by end of this week ie 27th May - would like to finalize this process
    - accompanying PR to move current maintainers who are curators to emeritus status [https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/3885](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/3885)
- **Metrics Review -** [https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time\_filter\_3Y](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time_filter_3Y)
- **Open Forum**
  
  - Proposal - "Off Week" Discord voice chat meetup. Volunteers?
    
    - maybe after the merge
  - CodeQL OOM (same as what happened with LGTM) - fixed
- **Future Topics**

  **File Modified**

**Labels**

**No labels [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")**

**[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)**

**File [GMT20220524-005954\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155623/22155633.vtt "Download")**

**May 26, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)**

**Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)**

**Upload file**

**File description**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155623/22156951.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155623/22156989.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20220524-005954\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155623/22155633.vtt) (application/octet-stream)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155623/22155631.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155623/22155632.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:00

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
