1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_22153838.html)
4. [Agendas](Agendas_22153868.html)
5. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_22155133.html)

# Besu : 2022-03-15 Contributor Call

Created by Grace Hartley (Deactivated), last modified by Ry Jones on Mar 15, 2022

(Meeting Link: ⁨[https://zoom.us/j/97540031823?pwd=dEJrRW1LakFlWnZPelI3VGxoVjg2dz09](https://zoom.us/j/97540031823?pwd=dEJrRW1LakFlWnZPelI3VGxoVjg2dz09))

EMEA Friendly Time ([https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&amp;p1=224&amp;p2=179&amp;p3=1440&amp;p4=195&amp;p5=47](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&p1=224&p2=179&p3=1440&p4=195&p5=47))

- 11 am New York

**Agenda**

- **Housekeeping**
  
  - Antitrust notice - [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/)
  - This meeting is being recorded
  - Please Mute unless speaking
  - If you have a question use the raise hand feature
- **General Announcements**
  
  - Incentive Program Update: [\[WIP\] Proposal #4](22155367.html) is considered the final proposal. EF, HLF, and CSI are currently working with their respective legal teams.
- **Action Items Review from prior call**
  
  - From Grace - We agreed on Option 2 for how to resolve who are mainnet maintainers in the Incentive program.
  - Release updates and Improvements: Generally agreed we need to improve this process. Sajida was going to act as PoC from CSI side.
  - Have we scheduled an off week Discord voice chat meeting yet?
- **Release updates**
  
  - 22.1.0 done
  - 22.1.1 done on 24 Feb
  - Tracking who is doing each release [Release Rotations 2022](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Release+Rotations+2022)
    
    - Add your name [here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Release+Rotations+2022) to volunteer for release rotation
    - Note quarterly release is a larger coordination role
  - Team is working toward several Release Process Improvements [here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Release+Process+Improvement)
- **Work Updates**
  
  - trace APIs - ongoing
  - Merge Update
  - Future Backwards Incompatible Changes ([Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence))
    
    - Java 17 migration (notice in next quarterly, actual upgrade next after)
    - EVM migration from Gas object to long ([git branch](https://github.com/shemnon/besu/tree/longForGas)) (next quarterly)
- **Other Business** 
  
  - Automated Security Bot Requests
    
    LinuxFoundation as a part of the insights process is creating an automated "security bot" that will analyze LF (and hence Hyperledger project).  Feature set is very low at the moment, but they are actively soliciting feature requests.  What would Besu want to see? ([Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence))
  - Documentation Discussion from ([Nicolas Massart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:5502de36-6082-4606-81f5-4fd4f51016ab?ref=confluence)) : [https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/905205502940696607/951487768272465981](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/905205502940696607/951487768272465981)
- **Metrics Review -** [https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time\_filter\_3Y](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time_filter_3Y)
- **Roadmap Review - [Roadmap](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Roadmap)**
- **Open Forum**
  
  - We are officially on Discord! Should we add maintainer's Discord handle on Maintainer list?
  - Proposal - "Off Week" Discord voice chat meetup. When?
  - Deprecating log42j - from Diego see Contributor channel
- **Future Topics**

  **File Modified**

**Labels**

**No labels [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")**

**[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)**

**Text File [GMT20220315-145823\_Recording.txt](attachments/22155457/22155473.txt "Download")**

**Mar 15, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)**

**Labels**

**No labels [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")**

**[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)**

**File [GMT20220315-145823\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155457/22155476.vtt "Download")**

**Mar 15, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)**

**Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)**

**Upload file**

**File description**

**[Download All](/wiki/download/all_attachments?pageId=22155457 "Download all the latest versions of attachments on this page as single zip file.")**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20220315-145823\_Recording.txt](attachments/22155457/22155473.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155457/22156944.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155457/22156983.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20220315-145823\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155457/22155476.vtt) (application/octet-stream)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155457/22155474.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155457/22155475.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:00

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
