1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_22153838.html)
4. [Agendas](Agendas_22153868.html)
5. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_22155133.html)

# Besu : 2022-04-12 Contributor Call

Created by Francesco Andreoli, last modified by Grace Hartley (Deactivated) on Apr 12, 2022

(Meeting Link: ⁨[https://zoom.us/j/97540031823?pwd=dEJrRW1LakFlWnZPelI3VGxoVjg2dz09](https://zoom.us/j/97540031823?pwd=dEJrRW1LakFlWnZPelI3VGxoVjg2dz09))

EMEA Friendly Time ([https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&amp;p1=224&amp;p2=179&amp;p3=1440&amp;p4=195&amp;p5=47](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20201012T150000&p1=224&p2=179&p3=1440&p4=195&p5=47))

- 8 am Monday Los Angeles
- 11 am Monday New York

**Agenda**

- **Housekeeping**
  
  - Antitrust notice - [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/)
  - This meeting is being recorded
  - Please Mute unless speaking
  - If you have a question use the raise hand feature
- **General Announcements**
  
  - Incentive Program Update: [\[WIP\] Proposal #4](22155367.html) is considered the final proposal. EF, HLF, and CSI are currently working with their respective legal teams.
- **Action Items Review from prior call**
  
  - From Grace - We agreed on Option 2 for how to resolve who are mainnet maintainers in the Incentive program.
  - Release updates and Improvements: Generally agreed we need to improve this process. Sajida was going to act as PoC from CSI side. 
    
    - *See below for Release Rotations 2022. It seems releases have improved and no longer using proprietary tooling.*
    - *One idea: Should we move canary nodes onto Hyperledger instance rather than a CSI run instance? Should we consider running a testnet?*
      
      - *Action: [Karim Taam](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:595ffa36-5d5e-40b6-b7f0-b39c13201928?ref=confluence)to provide write up of requirements and share in besu-contributors for feedback. Then can discuss in TSC?*
  - Have we scheduled an off week Discord voice chat meeting yet?
    
    - *Not yet. follow up re timing. Could find a slot for 30 mins to make it easier.*
- **Release updates**
  
  - Tracking who is doing each release [Release Rotations 2022](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Release+Rotations+2022)
    
    - *RC 2 is scheduled for next week. [Gary Schulte](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6047b948b020eb00684030b6?ref=confluence)is on point to manage it.*
    - *JF: Helpful to have an extra week in between RC-1 and RC-2 to fix a few things. Some CSI team will be in DevConnect in Amsterdam. Not expecting an issue for the release process, but will let group know if they need help.*

**Work Updates**

- - Merge Update:
    
    - *Ongoing UX and other bugs being raised and fixed quickly. Testnet was launched last week. Besu had some syncing challenges.*
  - *Snap Sync: Goerli and Mainnet sync has been tested. Adding benchmarks to identify any other issues. Next call: [Karim Taam](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:595ffa36-5d5e-40b6-b7f0-b39c13201928?ref=confluence)to share broader update. Don't want to hae usable snapsync on main branch yet. If it is ready to be tested, will share in besu-contributors once ready.*
- **Other Business** 
  
  - Automated Security Bot Requests
    
    LinuxFoundation as a part of the insights process is creating an automated "security bot" that will analyze LF (and hence Hyperledger project).  Feature set is very low at the moment, but they are actively soliciting feature requests.  What would Besu want to see?
    
    - *No high priority requests.*
  - Documentation Discussion from Nico: [https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/905205502940696607/951487768272465981](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/905205502940696607/951487768272465981)
    
    - Follow up with Nico async
  - Debug Issue with Besu: (brought up by [Justin Florentine](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60be12f85c64b100711c51d4?ref=confluence): Having some challenges with Docker. Need to do more research to understand options/issue further.
- **Metrics Review -** [https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time\_filter\_3Y](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger%2Fbesu/dashboard;quicktime=time_filter_3Y)
- **Roadmap Review - [Roadmap](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Roadmap)**
- **Open Forum**
  
  - We are officially on Discord! Should we add maintainer's Discord handle on Maintainer list?
  - Proposal - "Off Week" Discord voice chat meetup. When?
  - Deprecating log42j - from Diego see Contributor channel
- **Future Topics**

  **File Modified**

**Labels**

**No labels [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")**

**[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)**

**Text File [GMT20220412-145900\_Recording.txt](attachments/22155461/22155548.txt "Download")**

**Apr 12, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)**

**Labels**

**No labels [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")**

**[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)**

**File [GMT20220412-145900\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155461/22155549.vtt "Download")**

**Apr 12, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)**

**Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)**

**Upload file**

**File description**

**[Download All](/wiki/download/all_attachments?pageId=22155461 "Download all the latest versions of attachments on this page as single zip file.")**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155461/22156945.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20220412-145900\_Recording.txt](attachments/22155461/22155548.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155461/22156984.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20220412-145900\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/22155461/22155549.vtt) (application/octet-stream)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155461/22155546.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/22155461/22155547.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:00

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
