1. [Besu](index.html)
2. [Besu](Besu_22151173.html)
3. [Programs &amp; Grants](22155199.html)
4. [Grants](Grants_22156093.html)

# Besu : Optimism RetroPGF

Created by Matt Nelson (Deactivated), last modified on Feb 16, 2023

# Work / Reward Split

Same as Besu CIP

# Text of Grant

Limited to 400 characters per response...

## Project description

Hyperledger Besu is an open-source Java implementation of Ethereum's EL. Built initially for enterprise adoption, Besu has private and permissioning features. It's an actively developed Mainnet client. Besu has helped in shaping standards &amp; core development since its beginning as Pantheon. Besu's unique Bonsai tries maintain the lowest storage requirements on Mainnet and it has a stand-alone EVM.

## How do you support development and usage of the OP Stack? What public good do you provide to the Collective?

EIP-1559: Besu championed EIP-1559 and led its adoption on Mainnet, with the first client implementation. This is part of the Bedrock fee structure. 

Besu is run on ~9% of Mainnet L1 nodes that secure the L2.

Besu team is active in Mainnet development. This supports L2 through work on 4844 and other L2-pertinent spec updates.

Besu has roadmapped work for a generalizable Rollup client use-case.

## How do you sustain yourself? Please list sources of funding and revenue

Besu is an open-source project. It is sustained chiefly by its contributors. These are spread across a handful of parent organizations, chiefly ConsenSys, that support their Engineers. The EF Client Incentive Program supports shared infrastructure and some revenue for organizations developing the client. Hyperledger Foundation also provides minimal funding in support of tools, support, and staff.

## Team size

The current Besu Maintainer list has 24 members. These are contributors that have repo-level permissions, but do not all actively develop. There are closer to 20 main contributors. The list can be found here: [https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
