1. [Technical Working Group China](index.html)
2. [Technical Working Group China](Technical-Working-Group-China_22151170.html)
3. [Chair Board](Chair-Board_22151248.html)
4. [Chair Board 2022 Election](Chair-Board-2022-Election_22153149.html)

# Technical Working Group China : DU Peng, Charlie

Created by Peng Du, last modified by david liu on Dec 18, 2021

Self Introduction 自我介绍

I am working for H3C as Blockchain R&amp;D representative. In 2018 my team started H3C Gaea Platform, BaaS for H3C, based on Hyperledger Fabric and Cello, when I joined TWGC. In 2020 H3C Gaea Platform finished incubation and became a service in H3C cloud platform. In 2021, H3C was rated as China’s 7 representative BaaS providers by IDC and the BaaS has been practiced in some H3C smart city projects.

In the last 4 years, I gave some speeches on Hyperledger other conventions, and some lectures for universities.

- Hosting a session for Hyperledger Cello in Hyperledger Member Summit, Montreal, 2018
- A speech about blockchain Track and Trace solution in Suning Blockchain Technology and Application Forum, Nanjing, 2019
- A lecture on Blockchain Technology in Fudan University, Shanghai, 2019
- A lecture about Hyperledger Fabric, invited by Hyperledger Chinese Community, in BUPT(Beijing University of Post and Telecommunication), Beijing, 2021
- A lecture on Blockchain Technology in Yantai University, Yantai, 2021
- A speech about Blockchain and Network Combination in China Internet Conference ‘Blockchain Forum’, Beijing, 2021
- A speech about BaaS in GOTC(the Global Open source Technology Conference) ‘Hyperledger Forum’, Shenzhen, 2021
- Two speeches about H3C and about BaaS in Hyperledger Global Forum, online, 2021

And I’m also in some blockchain committees of experts or blockchain research institutes.

- Specially-invited expert for Suning Retailing Technology Institute, Nanjing, 2019
- Specially-invited expert by Hunan College Blockchain Competition Committee, Zhuzhou, 2019
- Member of TBI(Trusted Blockchain Initiative) Council, Beijing, 2021
- Member of Zhongguancun Blockchain Industrial Alliance committee of experts, Beijing, 2021
- Member of Beijing Fin-Tech Industrial Alliance blockchain committee of experts, Beijing, 2021

And I’m also in charge of industry-university-research cooperations with Yantai University, Henan University, and Shandong Institute of Blockchain.

Since 2018 H3C blockchain R&amp;D team has been working together with Hyperledger Cello, including contributing source code, attending weekly meetings, and doing demos. The team has contributed a 0.9-release-h3c branch and the team members have been on Hyperledger Contribution Quarterly List many times.

I’ve made many friends in Hyperledger community, especially in the Chinese community. I hope I can have the chance to do more contributions to the community.

And I’m also interested in public chain technology and projects, Defi, NFT, etc. I hope Hyperledger can do more interactivity with public chain communities.

Why elect me? 为什么选我？

If I am a Chairman of TWGC, I can do many good things for our community:

- To introduce blockchain technology, Hyperledger Foundation, the projects under it to more universities and get more students and teachers in the community
- To share the best practices to businesses and help potential clients understand better about the technology and the value they will have
- To promote the GM and Performance projects of TWGC to inside and outside the community and help more contribute
- To encourage more people to contribute for i18n
- To organize more research and investigations to know more about what customers need

2022 will be a critical year for consortium chain in China, especially for Hyperledger. We can see some open source blockchain projects are growing up and some open consortium chain services are online. Let’s take the chance and face the challenge to make Hyperledger better in China.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
