1. [Technical Working Group China](index.html)
2. [Technical Working Group China](Technical-Working-Group-China_22151170.html)
3. [Chair Board](Chair-Board_22151248.html)
4. [Chair Board 2020 Election](Chair-Board-2020-Election_22151615.html)

# Technical Working Group China : Jiannan GUO

Created by J Guo on Sep 27, 2019

Self Introduction

I am currently working for IBM China as Open Source developer. My main focus has always been contributing code to Open Source projects, cultivating developer community and ecosystem. I started working in Hyperledger since 2017, and has become a maintainer of Fabric, and one of the creators of Fabric Chaincode EVM. Prior to this, I was working on Cloud Foundry and Apache Mesos. Also, I have been serving as co-chair of TWGC in 2018-2019 term.

Why elect me?

I have worked with many talented developers in various Open Source communities across the world, and I believe this experience could help me build and maintain a healthy community, as well as bridging the gap between global Hyperledger ecosystem and local developers. Also, I have witnessed the growth of TWGC in past year while serving as co-chair, and I am determined to continue the effort to make it a more welcoming and innovative group. Furthermore, as one of the maintainers, I am always encouraging direct engagements with community in a responsible fashion. Therefore, I believe I can make a strong co-chair candidate for 2019-2020 term.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
