1. [Technical Working Group China](index.html)
2. [Technical Working Group China](Technical-Working-Group-China_22151170.html)
3. [Chair Board](Chair-Board_22151248.html)
4. [Chair Board 2022 Election](Chair-Board-2022-Election_22153149.html)

# Technical Working Group China : Yang Cheng,2022

Created by Yang Cheng, last modified on Dec 26, 2021

# Self Introduction 自我介绍

I am working for China Academy of Information and Communications Technology(CAICT), my job is blockchain industry research,I am familiar with Fabric and I am also a CHFA holder. I join in TWGC since 2018.12.25 and have been the co-chair of TWGC since 2020. My mainly contributions includes:

- Translate the documents of Fabric [documents](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/zh_CN/release-2.2/) into Chinese;
- Organize the TWGC [Fabric Performance Special Interest Group](https://github.com/Hyperledger-TWGC/fabric-performance-wiki);
- Make the Fabric vedio turorial;
- Organize some events,such as ChengDu meetup, Hyperledger 5th anniversary celebration in Beijing, meetup with ChainMaker, etc.

# Why elect me? 为什么选我？

I love open source and blockchain technology, I have joined TWGC since I learned about  blockchain. Now Hyperledger is also the most widely used blockchain platform in China, I would like to help Chinese developers solve problems with Fabric and other Hyperledger projects. In 2022, the most important thing to me is to become a bridge between the international and Chinese communities to promote communication and cooperation with each other, help to make the blockchain technology used more widely in different industries.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
