1. [Technical Working Group China](index.html)
2. [Technical Working Group China](Technical-Working-Group-China_22151170.html)
3. [Chair Board](Chair-Board_22151248.html)
4. [Chair Board 2020 Election](Chair-Board-2020-Election_22151615.html)

# Technical Working Group China : Yuxiang Liu

Created by david liu, last modified on Sep 16, 2019

# Self-introduction

Yuxiang(David) is CTO of Mediconcen, where he leads the company’s innovation, IT application architecture and new technologies. As a member of Hyperledger, Mediconcen aims to establish a decentralized governed medical network consortium connected by enterprise blockchain.

Mediconcen is a start-up based in Cyperport of HongKong,

He is now Hyperledger Technical Ambassador, Hyperledger TWGC active member and Hyperledger HK meetup event organizer.  
In technical aspect, he is contributor to fabric-sdk-node mainly.

David graduated with an MSc in EEE. from University of HongKong in 2013.

# Why elect me?

With 3 years experience of using Hyperledger for financial projects, he has been volunteering to advocate Hyperledger adoption in running business from both technical and commercial point of view. 

In developer relationship, he engages in technical discussion, cultivate active contributor and encourage developer participating in TWGC activities,

He works closely with Hyperledger APAC team in HongKong and bridge local community to mainland China.

He started contributing code to Hyperledger by August 2017 and remain as an active contributor.

To keep community health and diversity, he has been trying to exposure and introduce Hyperledger incubating projects and speak to respect their contributors.

 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
