1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 03 25 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

**A recording of this meeting exists but the file has been moved and cannot be located by Cisco Webex.** 

[https://wiki-archive.hyperledger.org/groups/tsc/technical-steering-committee](https://wiki-archive.hyperledger.org/groups/tsc/technical-steering-committee)

**Check this page for verification.** 

March 25, 2016 (8:00am - 9:00am PT)

F2F in Brooklyn &amp; via WebEx

**TSC Members**

Emmanuel Viale

Accenture

Stan Liberman

CME Group

Yes

Tamas Blummer

DAH

Yes

Stefan Teis

Deutsche Boerse Group

Yes

Pardha Vishnumolakala

DTCC

Hart Montgomery

Fujitsu

Yes

Satoshi Oshima

Hitachi

Chris Ferris

IBM

Yes

Mic Bowman

Intel

Yes

David Voell

J.P. Morgan

Yes

Richard G. Brown

R3

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup](http://hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup) (email [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) for access)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)

**Readouts from Technical F2F**

- [Recording](https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/url/ycoK21F0wOFEukQpUNeOhD6UqRBC6lOTKh3s6Bl4zwW00000) available of readouts from Technical F2F, which took place prior to TSC Meeting

**Getting to a Code Base**

- A team at the hackathon developed a PoC for a merged code base
- This team demonstrated their PoC work
- The team noted that they pivoted slightly from the original plans once the pulled code together and merged
- The net result is that they found a more elegant solution in the process

**Open Discussion**

- Comment about identity issues.  Talking about federation and very different requirements... are we supporting multi-sig, what are wallet requirements, regulatory issues (hardware, tokens, etc.), privacy issues (i.e. Europe vs. US),  This will affect all of our Federations. If we create a lot of different chaincodes with authority being granted by those chaincodes, how does that work? Suggested to TSC to determine where identity fits into the project.
- The TSC discussed general topics of the relationship of HLP protocols, code and architecture. There was interest in eventually creating a way to pass cryptographic proofs with a protocol for exchanging.

**Next Steps**

- Chris Ferris:  recommend to merge the codebases to then start building and testing
  
  - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/185C9JUICwJQFnf6vH2nOEBNATAVG1XBVY-e-EV6oRSQ/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/185C9JUICwJQFnf6vH2nOEBNATAVG1XBVY-e-EV6oRSQ/edit)
  
  <!--THE END-->
- - Most TSC members favored moving forward with this proposal
  - A request was made to see the proposal documented with a few more specifics before casting a formal vote
- **ACTION:**  Chris Ferris will formalize proposal and send out for review prior to a vote

**Future F2F**

- Plan to have another F2F in roughly 1 month's time.
- Preference for east coast -- though may want to move GEO around

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
