1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 12 15 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Actions/On-going**

- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to start an email vote to approve Cello for incubation.
- ACTION:  Baohua to finalize draft doc for TWGC and collect volunteers to help resource the WG.  Bring guidelines to TSC for review by early January.
- ACTION:  Todd/Brian to work to propose dates/plan for China Hackfest, in addition to coordinating Hackathon.
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to drive forward CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)
- ACTION: Todd to search availability and come back to TSC list with a plan for February Hackfest in San Francisco (add tentative dates to calendars)
- Each WG to document their purpose, objectives, and/or deliverables through a Charter that is brought back to the TSC by or before January 12th.
- Internship Program -- if you are interested in being a mentor for an intern, please let us know (this will launch sometime next year)

--

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

December 15, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- Actions Item Review
- Whitepaper WG update (Hart)
- On-going/Tracking

**Action Item Review**

- Cello and Explorer teams to connect, review discussion with TSC (Baohua Yang)
- - Talked with Pardha and Dan -- while there should and will be closer collaboration, agreed that Cello should still be an individual project.
  - ACTION:  Chris Ferris to start an email vote to approve Cello for incubation.
- China Technical WG updates
- - [hyperledger-twg-china@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:hyperledger-twg-china@lists.hyperledger.org) is live.  Self-subscribe at [here](https://lists.hyperledger.org/mailman/listinfo/hyperledger-twg-china).
  - Suggest openness for meetings, lists, etc.
  - - No objections.
  - Team has met; has been working on a doc around initial thinking/planning.
  - Currently organizing a meetup in Beijing, next month will organize more meetups in other cities in China.
  - ACTION:  Baohua to finalize draft doc for TWGC and suggest volunteers to help resource the WG.  Bring guidelines/volunteers to TSC for review by early January.
  - Brian B:  Consensus within China ecosystem to hold a Hackathon on March 10-11 in Shanghai.  Should there be a Hackfest, as well?
  - - General consensus that people would attend a March Hackfest in Shanghai, securing dates as soon as possible will help with travel approvals.
  - ACTION:  Todd/Brian to work to propose dates/plan for China Hackfest, in addition to coordinating Hackathon.
- CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)
- - ACTION:  Chris Ferris to drive forward CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)
- Proposing a Feb 1-2 Hackfest in San Francisco (following CoinDesk Construct)
- - While January 28-29 could serve as a backup, preference is for February 1-2
  - ACTION: Todd to search availability and come back to TSC list with a plan for February Hackfest in San Francisco (add tentative dates to calendars)

**Whitepaper WG Update (Hart Montgomery)**

- Plan is to finalize a “whitepaper skeleton” to be sent out in next week or so --  please read and give comments… then in early January, seek approval from TSC on skeleton (prevent being in endless cycle of circular changes)
- - No objections to this plan.

**FYI:**  Next 2 TSC meetings cancelled (12/22 &amp; 12/29).  Next TSC meeting will be January 5th.

**On-going (no action, just tracking)**

- Each WG to document their purpose, objectives, and/or deliverables through a Charter that is brought back to the TSC by or before January 12th.
- Internship Program -- if you are interested in being a mentor for an intern, please let us know (more details coming in early 2017)
- - Overview of The Linux Foundation program [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/about/internships](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/about/internships)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432915/21457552.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432915/21448662.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
