1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 10 20 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

[Corda Introduction to Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee FINAL.pdf](attachments/21432825/21448653.pdf)

October 20, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- R3’s Corda Platform:  A technical introduction (Richard Brown)
- Incident procedure in code of conduct (Arnaud)
- Numbering scheme for HIP
- WG Updates

**Action Item Review**

- December Hackfest
- - We are still targeting December 5th &amp; 6th in New York.  We will update once we have determined the venue and further details.
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration
- - WG leads or anyone else that contributed to the Github wiki, please continue to migrate your content over to the new wiki.
- Communication Tools - evaluating [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org/) (please create your account, if you have not already)

**R3’s Corda Platform:  A technical introduction (Richard Brown)**

- Announced this AM that Corda will be open sourced under Apache 2 on November 30th, with desire to contribute to Hyperledger for consideration for incubation.
- [Corda Introduction to Hyperledger TSC](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B42vMkapQi1MbzRQNzM1MW93Mkk/view?usp=sharing)
- [Recording of the full overview and discussion](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MLUNsd2gzN2N3SG8)
- Please post all questions and comments to [hyperledger-tsc@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:hyperledger-tsc@lists.hyperledger.org)

**Numbering scheme for HIP (Vipin)**

- [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/proposals](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/proposals)
- It says that every project that it is incubated or considered would have a number assigned to it, much like numbers assigned to BIP or EIP where there are large numbers of proposals or projects incubated.
- Somebody needs to assign these numbers, then we can have a better catalog of what is going on, easier to navigate and find, at least on top-level.
- CF:  trying to have all proposals added to wiki… then update to indicate status (reviewed, approved, etc.) and linking to meeting minutes.
- - Vipin:  Number is in template, this is not a new thing.
  - CF:  Right, maintaining editorial oversight.
  - Arnaud:  Understand numbering scheme to force organization… but, it is just another piece of info that you have to keep track of.  Can we better organize on wiki instead of doing numbering?
  - Vipin:  just following good practices that we’ve seen on other projects.  Path towards a process.
  - Jared:  supportive of this, we seem to be saying the same thing.  There are a list of proposals, this is just bookkeeping. This makes it unique and unambiguous.

**Incident procedure in code of conduct (Arnaud)**

- [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/hyperledger-project-code-of-conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/hyperledger-project-code-of-conduct)
- LF is advocating reuse of our Code of Conduct in other LF projects to have one standard CoC across LF projects. One project raised concern over the Incident procedure that I think is worth discussing. The issue has to do with the use of a mailing list to report abuse. The point (I think rightly) was made that this could discourage reporting and that it would be better to point to specific people instead.
- - For additional background you can check the issue that was raised in the CNCF project:
  - [https://github.com/cncf/foundation/issues/2#issuecomment-249247581](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/issues/2#issuecomment-249247581)
- Mike Dolan:  For most of other code of conducts, we do identify specific individuals, as they understand how to handle anything that arises (and it is transparent who someone is connecting with).
- - Discussion ensued leading to the outcome that Arnaud will work with Mike Dolan to identify 1-2 individuals to get listed in the Hyperledger code of conduct.

**WG Updates**

\[please send over via email]

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- Collaborative Tools WG (Chris Ferris)
- Fabric SDK Projects (Java, Node.js, and Python)

**Actions**

- December Hackfest preparation
- Communication Tools (Brian/Todd)
- Incident procedure in code of conduct -- Arnaud to work with Mike Dolan to identify the appropriate people to get listed in the code of conduct (Arnaud)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Corda Introduction to Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee FINAL.pdf](attachments/21432825/21448653.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432825/21457547.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432825/21448654.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
