1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 10 06 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 6, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- HIP:  Iroha (Makoto Takemiya)
- Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)
- WG updates

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest/Hackathon readout from EU (Chris) and ongoing planning (Todd)
- - Held a Hackathon (competition style with prizes) and a Hackfest (working on Hyperledger codebase, help onboard new people, architectural issues, etc.) in Amsterdam this last week, hosted by ABN AMRO
  - Hackathon -- 20 teams of 5-6 each.  12 “geniuses” from HLP technical community, judges including Brian/Chris.  36 hour event.
  - Applications ranging from mobile voting app, healthcare records, insurance for delayed flights, fintech,etc.
  - Use cases [here](https://github.com/timblankers/hyperledger-hackathon/wiki/Use%20cases%20that%20the%20teams%20are%20working%20on)
  - CF:  would be useful to develop “Hackathon in a box”
  - Mic:  talked about having a public test network up -- would be great to have a place to showcase the best applications that come out of these
  - Hackfest -- roughly 60 attended.  Saw some new participants F2F (SWIFT, Accenture, CLS, Santander, etc.), as well as some more people to STL
  - December -- hold a Hackfest?  Should it be in New York?
  - - General consensus was that New York on December 5th &amp; 6th in advance of Members Summit is doable.  Todd to look for space and connect back up with TSC before confirming anything.
- Chris Ferris to pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email
- - VOTE:  Unanimously approved
- Finalize [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan in 10/6 TSC call
- - Update since TSC call:  plugins have been installed
  - No major objections at this point, start migration early next week.  Need to lock Github wiki prior to migration.
  - Plan to leave the pages that Georg has migrated to Dokuwiki and continue to build from there.
  - Todd to migrate TSC info, WG owners to migrate their own info.
- Communication Tools (Brian/Todd) - pushed to next week
- Numbering scheme for HIP (Vipin) - pushed to next week

**HIP:  Iroha (Makoto Takemiya)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sN-6mv-m85NlbI3ZjwFkDT0izTcxbUaZN9LjLEe045Y/edit)
- [Source](https://github.com/soramitsu)
- Discussion [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MLUNlSHlzYkM0dmM)
- As we ran out of time on this call and several TSC members had to drop (no longer had quorum), please continue Q&amp;A via mailing list and we will revisit this topic in next week’s TSC meeting.

**Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)**

- Pushed to next week

**WG Updates**

\[please send over via email]

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- Collaborative Tools WG (Chris Ferris)
- Fabric SDK Projects (Java, Node.js, and Python)

**Actions**

- December Hackfest preparation
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration
- Communication Tools (Brian/Todd)
- Agenda topics for next week:
- - Iroha proposal
  - Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)
  - Numbering scheme for HIP (Vipin)
  - Incident procedure in code of conduct (Arnaud)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432783/21457545.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432783/21448651.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
