1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 10 13 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 13, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Quick updates
- Iroha (Makoto Takemiya) [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sN-6mv-m85NlbI3ZjwFkDT0izTcxbUaZN9LjLEe045Y/edit) &amp; [Source](https://github.com/soramitsu)
- Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)
- Incident procedure in code of conduct (Arnaud)
- Numbering scheme for HIP
- WG Updates

**Action Item Review**

- December Hackfest
- - Looking to hold a Hackfest in New York on Decemeber 5th &amp; 6th, if you have space to host this, please contact Todd (tbenzies@[linuxfoundation.org](http://linuxfoundation.org))
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration
- - Restricted editing access on the Github wiki -- please put all future updates on [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) and continue to migrate your old content over.
- Communication Tools - evaluating [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org/) (please create your account, if you have not already)
- - More achievable than Slack, not necessarily looking to get rid of Slack
  - Discourse is better for threading and archiving
  - There may be some things we can do to integrate
  - Brian B:  Would love to see if Discourse is an appealing alternative to email.  Could also explore alternatives to Slack (like RocketChat). But, let’s first get through Discourse evaluation task.
  - CF:  If there are other ideas or other tools -- please let us know!
- Whitepaper WG update (Dave Voell)
- - A few weeks since whitepaper walkthrough -- seeking guidance from the TSC and technical community on aligning the overall vision/objectives for this paper.
  - With the message that Hyperledger is more towards “umbrella org,” need to incorporate this into the overall direction of paper.
  - Mic:  Want a commitment from the TSC on the set of objectives for the whitepaper.
  - DRAFT:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/whitepaper/whitepaper-wg](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/whitepaper/whitepaper-wg)
  - Brian B:  Where do you prefer comments?
  - - Mic:  First we need to establish objectives, as opposed to comments on the doc.
    - Muali:  suggest to add this as a topic at the members meeting, too.
  - TSC thread has started on this topic
  - - [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-October/000354.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-October/000354.html)
  - Encourage all to attend the next meeting:
  - - October 19th at 1:00pm ET
    - United States Toll free: 1 866 215 2642
    - United States International direct: +1 617 597 5043
    - Passcode: 9324 9799#

**HIP:  Iroha (Makoto Takemiya)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sN-6mv-m85NlbI3ZjwFkDT0izTcxbUaZN9LjLEe045Y/edit)
- [Source](https://github.com/soramitsu)
- Mic:  What are the objectives for modularity?
- MT:  Current draft is very rough… we want to make each piece less dependent on each other.
- Mic:  To what extent has current code base been tested and how to describe maturity?
- MT:  Current is still very rough -- has been tested with some use case partners in Japan.  But, this is an advantage to bring into incubation stage at this point.
- Hart:  Like vision of modular components.  At what point do you expect to achieve modularity?  Early on or do you want to have a complete ledger and then focus on modularity.
- MT:  Want feature-complete version first.  At API level already looking at ways to bring things together.  Create cross-chain transactions between Iroha and Fabric (can do with STL, as well).
- VOTE:  Unanimously approved.

**Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)**

- Satheesh Kathamuthu provided a demo of Java Chaincode
- [Recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MQnVyc214ZDdOWmc)

**WG Updates**

\[please send over via email]

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- Collaborative Tools WG (Chris Ferris)
- Fabric SDK Projects (Java, Node.js, and Python)

**Actions**

- December Hackfest preparation
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration
- Communication Tools (Brian/Todd)
- Topics for next week:
- - Numbering scheme for HIP (Vipin)
  - Incident procedure in code of conduct (Arnaud)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432802/21457546.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432802/21448652.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
