1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 11 03 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

November 3, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- Quick updates
- Introduction to Global Synchronization Log (GSL) (Tamas Blummer)
- Discussion on exit criteria from incubation
- China Technical WG

**Quick Updates**

- December Hackfest -- still need a venue for December 5th &amp; 6th
- WG updates reminder -- please share your updates on the TSC list (and update wiki)

\[please send over via email]

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- Collaborative Tools WG (Chris Ferris)
- Fabric SDK Projects (Java, Node.js, and Python)

**Introduction to Global Synchronization Log (GSL) (Tamas Blummer)**

- [Paper](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aJXZJQENRRRyu1lqOyT-DuQotl3xDbRabAgRMZxsI1A/edit?ts=581b5578) \[please review and add comments/questions in the doc]
- The purpose is to encourage collaborative work in the Hyperledger community towards an implementation of a GSL using projects currently under the Hyperledger umbrella.
- Global Synchronization Log, a blockchain component that can serve as a common foundation for distinct Distributed Ledger implementations in wholesale regulated financial markets.
- Discussion [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MdUNUSDR4Nm9TcFU)

**Discussion on exit criteria from incubation**

- [Project Incubation Exit Criteria](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/project-incubation-exit-criteria)
- CF:  Want to make sure that we are all still aligned here -- the Fabric team is looking to march towards a v1 at the end of Q1 early next year, and wanting to exit from incubation.
- Brian B:  Suggest that the TSC and technical community do one final review and make any pertinent updates before the November 10th TSC meeting (i.e. a few dated things like Github repos).  On the November 10th TSC call, come to agreement on the exit criteria and then start tracking progress on those in wiki with a checklist for each project in incubation.

**China Technical WG**

- Brian B:  There seemed to be strong support for a China Technical WG.  This is not meant to have voting and a formal body of 11 like the global TSC, but this would name a few people to be links between the global TSC, and the technical WG in China.  I need to pull together a formal proposal with a few co-chairs and share to the TSC list. The China Technical WG is accountable to TSC
- FYI -- January 7th &amp; 8th, Hackathon in China is underway, details coming soon.

**Actions/On-going**

- ACTION:  TSC and technical community to review [Project Incubation Exit Criteria](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/project-incubation-exit-criteria) and make any pertinent updates to be able to come to consensus on November 10th TSC meeting.
- ACTION:  Brian to send a more formal proposal for China Technical WG to TSC list
- December Hackfest

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432862/21457549.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432862/21448656.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
