1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 08 11 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 11, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Emmanuel Viale

Accenture

Ajit Krishnamohan

Airbus

Yes

Stan Liberman

CME Group

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Digital Asset

Stefan Teis

Deutsche Boerse Group

Yes

Pardha Vishnumolakala

DTCC

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Fujitsu

Yes

Satoshi Oshima

Hitachi

Yes

Chris Ferris

IBM

Yes

Mic Bowman

Intel

Yes

David Voell

J.P. Morgan

Yes

Richard G. Brown

R3

Yes

Charles Cai

Wanda

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- TSC steady state election
- Hyperledger Explorer [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11VfetBwc-AhFwihJU9cT37lShkkAVkUCvb8RCnS85Fw/edit) (Pardha, Dan, Chris)
- Hyperledger-py [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit) (Baohua Yang)
- WG Updates

     

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- - August 24-25, virtual (confirmed)
  - - [Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-YQzap_OvH98_QVoKcfyQ2QlnYT6iAfL7cw_o-xw9FQ/edit) planning
  - October 3-4, Amsterdam (confirmed - details coming soon)
- Review Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u9pt-bXeOXefYBB1uYE6M-D6CtmkC1lGCjmicSlZgVA/edit) and add semver versioning numbers (Brian)
- - Chris and Brian to work on this for next week.

**TSC Steady State Election**

- Election [timeline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16z3lcdLjYwRkSrcq0hlXc62zi-QPAdPjvfvIy-b48jA/edit)
- Contributor [list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12BssA5GZipeXg1zw-0BbsuJ3OIUC-EiZF4yIP4K8GjA/edit#gid=0)
- There were no objections from the TSC to start the nomination phase directly after the TSC call, follow the referenced timeline, and use the referenced list of those eligible.

**Hyperledger Explorer** [**proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11VfetBwc-AhFwihJU9cT37lShkkAVkUCvb8RCnS85Fw/edit) **(Pardha, Dan, Chris)**

- Discussion
- - CF:  This is valuable to both Fabric and STL -- helps bring more collaboration.
  - Mic:  Is intention to focus on interface (UI) or is there an intention to use this to start standardizing external APIs?
  - CF:  A little bit of both.
- **VOTE:**  passed unanimously.

**Hyperledger-py** [**proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit) **(Baohua Yang)**

- Discussion
- - CF:  Suggest support for GRPC instead of REST, also have a consistency between Node and Python SDKs.
  - Request for the technical community and TSC to review and comment on this proposal.

**WG Updates**

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- - Continue working on use cases -- global KYC database, also e-voting.
  - Finished certification use case.
  - Last call, asked group to start dividing responsibility to finish the main requirements doc.
  - Also discuss building of PoCs -- call to broader audience for any use cases that can easily be turned into demos.
  - CF:  at F2F, had meeting to talk about demos.  For Hyperledger, the thinking for booth would be more a video, as opposed to live demo.
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- - Starting separate Architecture doc -- will be meeting shortly today.
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- - Met yesterday, [Draft v2.0.0](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z4M_qwILLRehPbVRUsJ3OF8Iir-gqS-ZYe7W-LE9gnE/pub) available.  No new feedback to review.  Working on expanding the glossary.
  - Want to make sure everyone in TSC has had a chance to review this before we share it with the GB.
  - CF:  Let’s schedule a walk-through of this during the virtual Hackfest.
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- - Update coming via email
- CI WG (Chris Ferris)
- - Gerrit transition is pretty much complete.  Greg’s Fabric chaintool still needs to be migrated.
  - Dan M:  For STL, no Gerrit changes as of yet.  Looking at doing some repo consolidation, should make CI work more manageable.  Currently some interdependencies between repos.
  - Discussing doing a cold restart in Jira.  Those that have issues should copy them manually over to Jira.
  - One remaining piece is wiki.  One thought was to use mediawiki or Confluence.  Another option would be to leverage markdown.

**Actions**

- ACTION:  Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- ACTION:  Review Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u9pt-bXeOXefYBB1uYE6M-D6CtmkC1lGCjmicSlZgVA/edit) and add semver versioning numbers (Brian and Chris)
- ACTION:  Start TSC election (Todd)
- ACTION:  Review and comment on Hyperledger-py [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit) (Baohua Yang)
- ACTION:  Schedule Whitepaper WG walkthrough during virtual Hackfest (Todd)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432667/21457540.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432667/21448643.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
