1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 09 08 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 8, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- WG Updates

**Action Item Review**

- Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) -- TSC to review and vote (Brian and Chris)
- - Walked through document comments and resolved inside of google doc during the call
  - ACTION:  Chris Ferris to pull together thoughts on snapshot release and circulate via email
- Hyperledger-py [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit), Baohua to share proposal with Community to try to bring a few more project sponsors to it, as well as work on naming of the project. (Baohua Yang)
- - CF:  Hopefully people have had a chance to look, review, comment -- ready for approval, or do people want more time to review?  Any concerns?
  - Baohua:  Have added 4 more sponsors to this proposal.
  - ACTION:  Baohua to update the proposal to replace the discussion of REST/gRPC with language along the lines of “this SDK will follow the guidance of the SDK WG.”.
  - ACTION:  Naming should be Fabric-sdk-py, not Hyperledger-py
  - VOTE:  Unanimous approval.
- EU Hackathon/Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- - Hackfest, October 3-4: [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2016) ([agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zOkbVMbC3cdnStan4BAvufA9zpFyua_vJN6z8XxGq-Y/edit) draft)
  - Hackathon, October 1-2: [register now](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hyperledger-hackathon-tickets-26798489002)
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan (Brian/Todd)
- - Consensus was to test the wiki further over the next week and discussion migration in 9/15 call.
- Communication tools (Brian/Todd)
- - Discourse instance is now up -- doing some final configuration and then will share with this group.
  - Brian:  suggest people also take a look at [https://demo.rocket.chat/home](https://demo.rocket.chat/home) to see if this would be a suitable Slack-alternative.

**Reminder/Update on Collaboration around Blockchain Explorer**

- CF:  Blockchain Explorer project is up, added 3 maintainers; also put 2+2 rule on there.  Asked Ry to reduce to non-author core review (which means only 1 of maintainers needs to review and approve to merge) -- had to make this change, otherwise, we will wait forever to get code merged, instead of making progress.

**WG Updates**

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- - Handling most financial use cases, need help on supply chain use cases
  - Started discussion on privacy
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- - No update
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- - Met yesterday -- key thing was walkthrough, goal is to remove “DRAFT” in time for Sibos
  - Meeting scheduled for next week:
  - - Hyperledger - Whitepaper WG Wed, Sep 14, 1:00 pm ET
    - When it's time, start the meeting from here:
    - [https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/meetings/join?uuid=M62ZSDWWKTRWZDR3RLKWZ8I1IG-9VIB](https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/meetings/join?uuid=M62ZSDWWKTRWZDR3RLKWZ8I1IG-9VIB)
    - Audio Connection +1-415-655-0001 US TOLL
    - Access code: 197 291 274
  - Can do follow-up work in TSC meeting next week.
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- - No update.
- CI WG (Chris Ferris)
- - Behave tests are still having some problems in Fabric (both Jenkins and locally) -- maybe we remove until they can be stabilized.
  - Binh: Let’s disable in meantime
  - CF:  Will have Ramesh turn this off.

**Actions**

- ACTION:  Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email (Chris)
- ACTION:  Discuss [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan in 9/15 TSC call (Brian/Todd)
- ACTION:  Communication tools (Brian/Todd)
- ACTION:  Follow up on Whitepaper WG progress to get document ready in time for Sibos

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432721/21457543.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432721/21448647.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
