1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 09 22 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[JPM\_Hyperledger\_QuorumIntro\_20160922.pdf](attachments/21432764/21448649.pdf)

No recording exists. 

September 22, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- WG Updates

**Action Item Review**

- Hackathon/Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- - Hackfest, October 3-4: [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2016) ([agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zOkbVMbC3cdnStan4BAvufA9zpFyua_vJN6z8XxGq-Y/edit) draft)
  - Hackathon, October 1-2: [register now](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hyperledger-hackathon-tickets-26798489002)
  - - CF:  Encourage getting as many as possible from TSC (and technical community) to the technical events in Amsterdam in a few weeks.
  - December location initial discussion
  - - Possibly China?
    - Murali:  Suggest having a simultaneous component in the US.
    - DM:  China seems good, but maybe not December when there are other commitments.
    - Vipin:  Can check if BNP Paribas has space.
    - CF:  Let’s revisit after Hackfest in Amsterdam in a couple weeks.
- Blog
- - [https://www.hyperledger.org/blog](https://www.hyperledger.org/blog)
  - If anyone in the community is interested in proposing a post, please get in touch with Brian Behlendorf or Jessica Rampen ([jrampen@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:jrampen@linuxfoundation.org)) and we can work with them on developing the content, graphics, etc.
  - CF:  Will do something regularly re: Fabric, would be great to also get something re: STL from Mic or Dan.  Also, encourage other topics, as well.
- Pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email (Chris)
- - CF:  Pushing to 10/6 TSC meeting.
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan (Brian)
- - CF:  There has been some additional exploration of the wiki, if people have any feedback, please share on the mailing list.  Final decision/discussion on how to migrate what is on GitHub wiki to the new wiki.

**Short intro/overview of JPM project to be revealed at Sibos (Dave Voell and Amber Baldet)**

- Amber provided an overview of Quorum, noting that it is not a formal proposal, more sharing work that is underway.  Dave then provided a technical overview of Quorum. Slides can be found [JPM Quorum Intro Deck](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MSEVaa2tuVEtXZXM) and [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MXy1SRU5UVnV0YkU) of discussion)
- Q:  Is there a whitepaper or more documentation?
- Dave:  We do plan to open source this which would include technical documentation and the code base, and some reference applications.  This is a derivative of Ethereum.

**Fabric Java SDK Project** [**Proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dP3zUInx7fSr8X1iDOs4R5gFaoixiXeLF5LYeL48_M8/pub) **(DTCC and Fujitsu Australia Software Technology (FAST))**

- CF:  Since we ran out of time today, action for DTCC/FAST to do Q&amp;A via mailing list.

**Java Chaincode demo (Satheesh Kathamuthu, DTCC)**

- CF:  Since we ran out of time today, will slot for next TSC meeting.

**WG Updates**

- Please send via TSC list in response to this email.

**Actions**

- ACTION:  Hackfest preparation and updates (EU &amp; December/China?)
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email
- ACTION:  Finalize [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan in 10/6 TSC call
- ACTION:  Communication Tools (Brian/Todd)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [JPM\_Hyperledger\_QuorumIntro\_20160922.pdf](attachments/21432764/21448649.pdf) (application/pdf)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
