1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 09 15 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 15, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- WG Updates

**Action Item Review**

- EU Hackathon/Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- - Hackfest, October 3-4: [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2016) ([agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zOkbVMbC3cdnStan4BAvufA9zpFyua_vJN6z8XxGq-Y/edit) draft)
  - Hackathon, October 1-2: [register now](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hyperledger-hackathon-tickets-26798489002)
- Pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email (Chris)
- - CF:  Pushing to 9/22 TSC meeting.
- [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan (Brian)
- - Brian:  Would love feedback from others from TSC, minimal participation from technical community at this point.  Final call to TSC and technical community to put in some time this week reviewing -- create a test page, get a sense of the experience.
  - Dan M:  Can anyone with an LFID do this?  Brian: yes.
  - CF:  Tried it out, no issues.  It supports markdown.
  - - Brian:  There is a plugin that claims you can use a tag to make markdown work (when transferring from Github).
- Communication tools (Brian)
- - [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org) has been created (Discourse), typical forum, similar to public archives in lists.
  - Brian:  Would love to replace most, if not all, from mailman.  We want to simplify tools, not just add another. In Discourse, you should be able to get notifications on new threads and also reply through your mail client.  We need to ensure that it also has search engine familiarity.
- CF:  Proposed to cancel 9/29 due to Sibos and EU Hackfest.  Also proposed to shorten TSC call time to 60 min.
- - No objections.

**WG Updates**

- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- - Whitepaper [Draft v2.0.0](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z4M_qwILLRehPbVRUsJ3OF8Iir-gqS-ZYe7W-LE9gnE/pub)
  - Please provide feedback to the Whitepaper working group through our [Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1giX0cCgW8xQxOHDNoDsCt4-2cI_rjJL00QQ2dJOvEYg/viewform)
  - Feedback submissions are available for view [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xPGX2iH7AZ8RWasrBAGUMdSe6Bs8iNq2QirpPqkW1tg/edit#gid=802998142)
  - Walked through Whitepaper, section by section, on the TSC call to solicit feedback and suggested edits.
  - Goal is to remove DRAFT labeling in time for Sibos
  - Several threads on the TSC channel have resulted since this discussion
  - - [http://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-September/000303.html](http://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-September/000303.html)
    - [http://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-September/000302.html](http://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-September/000302.html)

**Actions**

- ACTION:  Hackfest preparation and updates
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to pull together thoughts on snapshot release in Hyperledger Release Taxonomy [v0.3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0/edit) and circulate via email
- ACTION:  Finalize [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) migration plan in 9/22 TSC call
- ACTION:  Communication tools
- ACTION:  Follow up on Whitepaper WG progress to get document ready in time for Sibos

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432743/21457544.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432743/21448648.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
