1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 03 10 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 10, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT)

via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Emmanuel Viale

Accenture

Stan Liberman

CME Group

Yes

Tamas Blummer

DAH

Yes

Stefan Teis

Deutsche Boerse Group

Yes

Pardha Vishnumolakala

DTCC

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Fujitsu

Yes

Satoshi Oshima

Hitachi

Chris Ferris

IBM

Yes

Mic Bowman

Intel

Yes

David Voell

J.P. Morgan

Yes

Richard G. Brown

R3

Yes

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup](http://hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup) (email [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) for access)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)

**Agenda**

- Technical F2F (3/22 - 3/25), Brooklyn, NY (Todd Benzies)
- Requirements Committee update (Patrick Holmes)
- White Paper (Chris Ferris)
- Progress on DAH/IBM experiment (Chris Ferris)
- Code of Conduct (Arnaud Le Hors)
- Project Proposal Template (Vipin Bharathan)
- Project Lifecycle (Chris Ferris &amp; Arnaud Le Hors)

**Technical F2F**

- (3/22 - 3/25), Brooklyn, NY
- Reminder to register [https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgertechf2f](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgertechf2f)
- 37 registered (capacity: 100)
- Agenda planning
- - CF:  Building out set of stories that we need to be driving.  Hope that Tamas and team will be doing the same. Session for requirements and use cases.  Session for project lifecycle and proposals. Session for code of conduct.
  - Q:  Can anyone bring use cases?
  - - Yes.  This will come through the WG run by Patrick to build consensus… and then this would go to TSC.
  - Q:  Use cases for TSC in general, or for the Hackathon?
  - - In general -- requirements and use cases for what hyperledger is doing in general.

**Requirements Committee**

- Current volunteers (Tamas, Benedickt, Igor, Primrose, Judy, Stefan, Emmanuel, Nikilesh)
- Email [patrick.holmes@intel.com](mailto:patrick.holmes@intel.com) if you want to participate
- Started collecting use cases, will create a repository for these
- Need to determine the scope of use cases (can be part of the Technical F2F)

**White Paper**

- [**https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/pull/8**](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/pull/8)

<!--THE END-->

- Please edit/comment
- Dave Voell has taken the action to be Editor

**DAH/IBM**

- IBM put code into incubator repo, DAH to push code soon.
- [https://github.com/hyperledger-incubator](https://github.com/hyperledger-incubator)
- CF:  from IBM perspective, working on some of the aspects of the proposal.
- Binh:  Look at OBC repo at this point, number of issues created to work toward that and prepare for F2F.  Specifically, looking at ability to integrate an interpreter. Picked up interpreter from Bitcoin. Tried to call that from chain code.  Prototype ability to pass in a Bitcoin transaction through OBC system, to the interpreter, to be able to turn around and update the transaction log.  Hope to show at F2F.
- Shaul:  done a lot of work on binding to bitcoin interpreter.  Feel free to ping DAH on any help needed.
- Binh:  Couldn’t find DAH interpreter, so went with Bitcoin interpreter.  Though, this would be an easy switch if needed. Shaul can point to this.

**Code of Conduct**

- [Option 1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjSBGk8GAUVrupECzidQE9rhZwJLgaY0TRQLAAYcmzI/edit) (CF)
- [Option 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uwT2x4yTmPn3xrRuqXZ4ZTcuIiZvF3N8VOnqFIO4Q-0/edit) (W3C)

<!--THE END-->

- Loose consensus:  both are good, slight preference for W3C version.
- Q:  for those that have W3C preference, does that also include the glossary?
- - Yes, don’t think you can separate the two.
- **ACTION:**  Technical Community to provide feedback via survey
- - [https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/7FYFBGB](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/7FYFBGB)

**Project Proposal Template**

- [Proposal Template for a Hyperledger Improvement Project (HIP).pdf](attachments/21432369/21448618.pdf)
- Vipin:  Reworked document from previous suggestions suggestions (i.e. licensing and trademark has been added).  Tried to make it function more as a template, with the sections in bold and also removed any strong language about using this particular format to handle the solutions.  If the solution does not require this certain section to be handled, left it open in that sense. Goes through list of various possible sections you should address in solution.
- Q:  what is definition of a team champion?
- - The person who is driving project proposal (will update to make plural so that multiple people can drive the proposal for continuity, in case someone were to leave the project)
  - Comment:  need to know who the initial maintainers are, don’t necessarily need “project champion”
- Q:  Can it include a bullet about how it will be used?
- - Vipin:  “how to” was meant to address that.  But, could include what you just said as well.
- Note:  Once approved, does not preclude changes down road.
- CF:  this is getting very close.  Please review doc and add any comments or suggestions.  Try to close on this next week.

**Project Lifecycle Proposal**

- [Project Lifecycle Proposal (draft 0.1)](attachments/21432369/21448619.pdf)
- Q:  How much do we talk about transition between difference phases?
- - Proposal to incubation is detailed, but not so detailed beyond that.
- Please take a close look and provide comments and feedback

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Proposal Template for a Hyperledger Improvement Project (HIP).pdf](attachments/21432369/21448618.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Proposed Hyperledger Project Lifecycle.pdf](attachments/21432369/21448619.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432369/21457523.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432369/21448620.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
