1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 05 12 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

May 12, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Emmanuel Viale

Accenture

Yes

Stan Liberman

CME Group

Yes

Tamas Blummer

DAH

Yes

Fouad Aberkane (proxy)

Deutsche Boerse Group

Yes

Pardha Vishnumolakala

DTCC

Hart Montgomery

Fujitsu

Yes

Satoshi Oshima

Hitachi

Yes

Chris Ferris

IBM

Yes

Mic Bowman

Intel

Yes

David Voell

J.P. Morgan

Yes

Richard G. Brown

R3

Yes

**Resources:**

- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) ← new, self-generated invites
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review (Chris Ferris)
- HIP: Busywork Exerciser for the Hyperledger Fabric v0.1 (Bishop Brock)
- Hackathon readouts/feedback (Chris Ferris)
- Plans for next Hackathon (Todd Benzies)
- WG Updates (WG Leads)

**Action Item Review**

- TSC representation policy draft (Chris Ferris)
- - Not complete yet, will complete this soon.
- Whitepaper draft to be complete by May 5th (Dave Voell)
- - WG spent a lot of time and has made some solid progress, committed many updates.
  - Still have several sections that they are working to finalize.
  - Also, would like for TSC to have a chance to review prior to this going to the Governing Board.
  - Revised goal is to generate the draft PDF by EOD 5/18 and discuss in 5/19 TSC meeting.
- Set up Sawtooth Lake repo
- - Complete.
  - Request to filter out some Intel references to make more Hyperledger neutral.
- Create Fabric-API repo and annotate readme (Tamas)
- - Complete.
- Exit criteria discussion (Chris Ferris)
- - Did not have a quorum of TSC members at Hackathon, so need to find a time.
  - Todd to send out Doodle poll to schedule a call.
- FYI - additional mailing lists have been setup
- - [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org) (self-subscribe)

**HIP: busywork Exerciser for the Hyperledger Fabric v0.1 (Bishop Brock)**

- Full proposal can be found at: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/11x81AwDHvlp7-CJTFlTgLPZI8GVsVov\_jfwxoighW-s/edit#heading=h.z6ne0og04bp5](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11x81AwDHvlp7-CJTFlTgLPZI8GVsVov_jfwxoighW-s/edit#heading=h.z6ne0og04bp5)
- Q:  Can you relate this to something like LoadRunner?  How would you create a workload to drive through?
- - Bishop:  Not familiar with LoadRunner.  Think of some feature or group of features you want to test, something like chaincodes that verify signatures of people wanting to run them.  Create a chaincode that can exercise that feature of checking signatures and then create a driver to drive it in as many randomized ways as possible to hit all corners of features.
  - DM:  sounds like code coverage, but also load generation.  Is it both or one?
  - Bishop:  Both. The exercisers that exist currently run flat out, generate constant steady load.  Could be configurable to pace load. Parameters exists for this.
  - DM:  Tt is generating parallel load or single threaded driver?
  - Bishop:  Multi-thread driver -- specify number of clients and they all run in parallel.  Every transaction understands its context, so it checks that each transaction has been executed in correct context.  It is easiest to set up these networks with Docker Compose. Could modify so network and driver is different.
- Can this be ported to exercise Sawtooth Lake?
- - Bishop:  I don’t think so. What is there now is infrastructure for Hyperledger Fabric.  The idea is portable… but the code, currently, is not.
- Mic:  Code vs. concept -- is there a separate doc that describes conceptually what you are trying to test?  Is this about test coverage or about a canonical workload that would allow us to start unifying the two fabrics and identifying commonalities?
- - Bishop:  Not conceiving as unifying thing.  More about test coverage. The proposal doc is highest level doc of what it is trying to do.
- ChristopherA:  Would like to see a good list of common performance and review criteria.
- Q:  Want to add as top-level project or integrated into Fabric?
- - Bishop -- either way.
- CF:  Any disagreement to incubating this in Fabric?
- - No objections.  Approved.
  - ACTION:  Bishop work with Binh, Sheehan, and Greg to integrate.

**Hackathon readouts/feedback (Chris Ferris)**

- Great opportunity to get folks together, roughly 65 attended.
- Talked about integrating EVM into Sawtooth Lake and Fabric, great discussion on different potential approaches.
- Better understanding across different project.
- Identity WG and Architecture WG both held breakout sessions.
- Working on getting CI stuff up.
- Table of people working on first pull request, writing code, fixing bugs, etc.
- Bump in number of contributors -- good thing!
- Discussion about possible project which may be brought forward in next week or so.
- Binh:  spent a lot of time on Fabric, but this meeting really opened eyes to look at other code bases, especially small group that involved folks from Ethereum and STL.
- Primrose:  might be good to get remote access… many cannot travel.
- - CF:  can try for WG meetings… but somewhat challenging for unconference format.
  - ChristopherA:  Consider setting up a dedicated remote hackathon, only via hangout or IRC.

**Plans for next Hackathon (Todd Benzies)**

- Consider a virtual Hackathon in June and a physical Hackathon in July (West Coast).
- ACTION:  Todd to send Doodle polls to check on preferences.
- ACTION:  Todd to source potential venue space for July Hackathon.

**WG Updates**

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BlWWgtGArBb7v\_cJsaJ9SsMclRHNfEdaJ623CrDHez8/edit?pref=2&amp;pli=1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BlWWgtGArBb7v_cJsaJ9SsMclRHNfEdaJ623CrDHez8/edit?pref=2&pli=1)
  - New approaches to developing the Requirements Document
  - - establish feedback loop to the Arch WG: produce a monthly report with new requirements and use cases
    - increase depth of the use case treatment
    - increase scope of the use case coverage: reach out to experts in the industries not yet covered
  - Concrete steps taken:
  - - created a google form to solicit feedback from the wider community
    - analyzed the list of project members in Slack (900+) to find representatives of industries new to the project
    - working to normalize use case documents to conform to the detailed template
  - Any objections to Oleg leading the Requirements WG?  No objections.
- Architecture WG (Ram Jagadeesan)
- - Great session on Friday at Hackathon
  - Minutes from meeting: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/139zLiMCJBLYVFR4dQd\_2UqJOyJVEBjAB8PwxIwV6Wf0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/139zLiMCJBLYVFR4dQd_2UqJOyJVEBjAB8PwxIwV6Wf0/edit)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- - Notes above
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Identity-WG) (Christopher Allen)
- - Met on Thursday during Hackathon, roughly 40 people attended
  - Captured results of meeting [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Identity-WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Identity-WG)
  - Asked Identity team at IBM working on membership services to share their approach. At next Identity meeting, IBM will present again and share more broadly
- CI WG (Chris Ferris)
- - Gerrit server is up, transition planning underway
  - Jenkins will start to be stood up next week
  - - Then, migrate Fabric from Travis to Jenkins
  - Once Jenkins server is up and running, can begin full integration

**Action Items**

- TSC representation policy draft (Chris Ferris)
- Whitepaper draft by 5/18 then on 5/19 TSC agenda (Dave Voell)
- Exit criteria doodle pool (Todd Benzies)
- Bishop to work with Binh, Sheehan, and Greg to get HIP busywork Exerciser integrated into fabric
- Doodle poll for June (virtual) Hackathon
- Doodle poll for July Hackathon (west coast)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432485/21457530.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432485/21448630.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
