1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2016](2016_21448610.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2016 10 27 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 27, 2016 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- WG Discussion
- New project repo for fabric membership services called CAF (Keith Smith)

**WG Updates**

- Requesting for all WG leads (or WGs) to provide more frequent updates back to the TSC (via email/wiki/Discourse) so that the progress is transparent and accessible to the broader technical community.
- If there are more pressing updates, those can be put onto the TSC agenda for discussion, otherwise more frequent updates via email/Discourse and posting minutes to wiki will really help the entire technical community.
- Not trying to create extra work, really just want  the TSC to take a look at charter and distro of WGs to make sure it is working for everyone and folks have a pathway to engage.
- There were no objections.

\[please send over via email]

- [Requirements WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG) (Oleg Abdrashitov)
- [Architecture WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG) (Ram Jagadeesan)
- [Whitepaper WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG) (Dave Voell)
- [Identity WG](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting) (Christopher Allen)
- Collaborative Tools WG (Chris Ferris)
- Fabric SDK Projects (Java, Node.js, and Python)

**New project repo for fabric membership services called CAF (Keith Smith)**

- [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MZTFydTdMSzdXMWc)
- A question was raised as to why this is being proposed as a standalone proposal for incubation, as opposed to repo that is Fabric-specific.
- Discussion ensued leading to the outcome that this can be put into a separate repo while things progress with Fabric, and once it pivots to being more generally useful (i.e. STL, Iroha, etc.) then it could come back to the TSC as a proposal for incubation.
- No objections.

**Sawtooth Lake update (Dan Middleton)**

- Validator registry or endpoint registry work -- specifically towards adding validator nodes and permissioning policies to grant another system into the network.
- Started a significant redesign of how handling transaction families, both from client-side submission of transactions as well as how those are handled under hood.  Got Python SDK project underway.
- This is allowing us to carve out better process boundaries, can actually operate separate processes within validator, allow us to also support creating transaction families in other languages.
- Creating Java-SDK
- Once patterns established, can try to set up more separate projects to address some of the languages that are also popular
- Continuing to work with Explorer project

**Actions/On-going**

- December Hackfest preparation
- Communication Tools

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432847/21457548.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432847/21448655.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
