1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 03 02 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 2, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest planning
- - East Coast, week of April 24th (venue/city pending)
  - Beijing, June TBD
  - If you have venue space, please contact Todd Benzies [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org)
- WG Charters
- - Requirements WG (Oleg)
  - - [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)
    - Requirements WG meeting on March 6th to finalize, the to TSC on March 9th to approve
    - Brian B:  re: disbanding note… see the need for this WG to be ongoing, there will always be new use cases worth considering, new releases worth mapping to those use cases.
    - CF:  re: collaboration -- need a way to engage Requirements WG with some industry-specific WGs, like Healthcare.
    - DM:  Near outset of Hyperledger, there was some reluctance from a few to share info within this WG as it was seen as valuable IP within some companies, we should work to continue to move the needle on this perception.
    - Vipin:  There has been movement in this direction.  Suggest also adding to the use cases some actual implementations to showcase the round-trip phenomenon.
- slack-archive repo
- - No objections to archiving the Slack.  Ry to drive the process.
- Internship Program
- - The subgroup met on February 28th and recommends the following 6 mentors/proposals
  - - Deploy Fabric on Kubernetes Using Cello, Feihu Jiang, Huawei
    - Contract-based Business Process Execution / Hyperledger as a business process execution engine, László Gönczy, Budapest University of Technology and Economics
    - Anonymous Transactions in Iroha, Makoto Takemiya and Bogdan Vaneev, Soramitsu
    - Preserving Privacy with Sawtooth Lake, Dan Middleton, Intel
    - Design and Implement Blockchain Clustering Platform for Hyperledger, Baohua Yang and Haitao Yue, IBM China
    - Publish, Document, and Maintain a Distribution Agnostic Build Script, Mark Wagner, Red Hat
  - No objections -- ok to move forward with these 6.
- Request to exit Incubation status for Hyperledger Fabric ([here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UQwQdAfK9DwTpGFQmIF7HU4YBTpx0ZG1VbdtGW1hlIQ/edit))
- - Note:  this isn’t about getting to 1.0, this is about maturity of “project,” not “product.“  That said, getting ready to cut an alpha this month.
  - Q:  What is the scope of Fabric?  Does it include chaintool or Node-SDK, for example?
  - - CF:  From an alignment perspective, all Fabric-\** are aligned in getting to 1.0.
  - Q:  What is ongoing role for IBM?  If IBM left would Fabric continue?
  - - CF:  Year 1 goal was to get IBM under 50% of contributors (55% currently).  Today, positive sign of seeing more sustained contributors (non-IBM). Ideally need to get down long-term number below 30% and get others more involved in Fabric.  In addition, of the IBM contributions, they come from multiple teams within IBM (not just one silo).
  - VOTE:  Unanimously approved.
- GSL Discussion (Tamas Blummer)
- - [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B42vMkapQi1MZEVQVFNncVVYcms/view?pli=1)

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest planning (East Coast, week of April 24th / Beijing, June)

<!--THE END-->

- Requirements WG Charter [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433042/21457560.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433042/21448674.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
