1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 07 13 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

July 13, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**\*\*quorum not reached\*\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- US:  9/21 &amp; 9/22 in Chicago \[TENTATIVE -- to be confirmed]
- Europe:  [http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb](http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb)

**TSC Annual Election**

- [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uAAiv7xkFlgwDKpkxy7xOrG6WqrP1uB6NufBCM17Q1o/edit)
- Discussion ensued as to whether WG leads and “active” participants should be considered as eligible to nominate/vote in the TSC election.
- ACTION:  Brian to start a thread with a simple proposal on the TSC list for comment and feedback.

**Project Reporting**

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000951.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000951.html)
- Tracy:  main thing is to determine ideal cadence, as well as what types of data are required for an effective project health report (outside of the things that can be automated)
- ACTION:  TSC and technical community to provide feedback on the thread above.

**HIP:  Fabric Explorer**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dMJiIyiTia9_Xh8UHcevjfgdrNSA_HaU9Ek-QJNR-TI/edit#heading=h.9ha8nrtwl32o)
- ACTION:  Explorer maintainers to meet with Fabric Explorer proposers to have a conversation around best path forward.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433228/21457572.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433228/21448692.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
