1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 10 26 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 26, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**FYI:  Cancelling November 9th TSC Meeting (conflicts with Hyperledger Member Summit)**

**EU Hackfest Planning (Todd Benzies)**

- Lisbon Hackfest (December 5-6) | [register](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestdecember2017) now &amp; draft [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DZKPwb0ztJ0D1jpZF4gXIGp6ZHAL_v-3bRVDGVHJsYY/edit)

**HIP:  Cicero (Houman Shadab)**

- Houman Shadab provided an overview of the [proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-October/001197.html)
- Suggestion to make Google doc editable for comments
- Where is protocol?
- - Protocol status is in development, at the moment we have code in draft that we can point to that via TSC list.
- ISDA, W3C, and others are doing similar work in this area -- would be useful to build up the common ground between all of these initiatives.
- Describe Cicero
- - It is a module that others can plug into; includes legal-specific aspects of language that captures smart contract activities.
- How is mapping done?
- - Generally a one-time compilation down to a particular reference architecture or implementation.
- What is Governance around Accord effort?
- - It is a non-profit membership org (consortium) incorporating the views of a variety of members and stakeholders, which feeds into the protocol.
- Do you expect this will drive extensions to the framework that you are going to build on?  Like Composer or Fabric?
- - Yes, plan on adding additional components or assets to modeling languages that relate to legal aspects.
- Is this specific to legal or more general?
- - Legal contract area, specifically.
- What is relationship between Accord and Hyperledger?
- - Accord is an Associate Member of Hyperledger.
- Who else are Members of Accord?
- - Attorneys, larger companies, startups, and partnerships industry associations
- Since this is entirely on top of Composer, what is the reason it shouldn't just be a part of Composer?
- - Could be supported in other tooling; not defined by being a Composer plug-in or module… but one of them is Composer.
- How much influence can the Hyperledger community have over the spec?
- - Accord technical community is open, regardless of membership.
- ACTION:  make Google doc editable for commenting, point to draft or final spec, continue discussion via mailing list, and revisit in next week’s TSC call.

**Hyperledger Training and Education WG (Tracy Kuhrt)**

- Tracy addressed and/or resolved comments in doc, as reflected in the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90)
- A concern was raised about ensuring that the right people review content to ensure technical accuracy
- - Brian - this is a problem that should answer itself over time.  Hope that code projects have someone that decides to join as a maintainer to serve as a bridge.  In absence of that, this WG would not push out content that has not been validated. Will go back and develop a roster of maintainers and recruit for this.
- Need to determine whether the material is part of the various projects and project specific-repos, or part of the Training and Education WG repo
- CF -- suggest that if WG wants to publish content that they do a technical review with the projects for correctness.

**Project Reporting:  Hyperledger Sawtooth (Dan Middleton)**

- [Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2017-oct) -- ran out of time and did not cover, will add to agenda for next week
- Hyperledger Iroha will provide a report next week, as well

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433391/21457584.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433391/21448707.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
