1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 02 23 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

February 23, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest planning (East Coast, April / Beijing, June)
- - Please indicate your preference on timing at [http://doodle.com/poll/xwdefutqhpwsqszr](http://doodle.com/poll/xwdefutqhpwsqszr)
  - If you have venue space, please contact Todd Benzies [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org)
- WG Charters
- - Requirements WG (Oleg)
  - - [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit) -- please review, will discuss/vote next week.
  - Fabric-SDK WG (Pardha) [draft Charter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jy9i6oUBP2r-xBFvb0g7tQtUaF7CFa4ap7mA4Fn7PI0/pub)
  - - Further discussion needed as to whether this is a standalone WG, part of Fabric, or something else.
    - Chris Ferris to send a note to the TSC list to kick off discussion.
- VOTE:  slack-archive repo
- - [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html)
  - Ry is exploring best way to host/format -- but, it sounds like people are generally in favor.
  - Vote next week based on Ry’s findings.
- Internship Program discussion
- - Received 12 proposals/mentors -- need to select the top 6 and then open for interns to apply
  - Small subgroup to review and rank proposals
  - - Leonard Edwin, Victor Hu, Hart Montgomery, Baohua Yang, Chris Ferris, Vipin Bharathan
    - Todd to share files for subgroup to review, then 9:30am ET call on Tuesday to finalize thoughts to bring to TSC on Thursday.

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest planning (East Coast, April / Beijing, June)

<!--THE END-->

- WG Charters (Requirements WG and Fabric-SDK WG)
- VOTE:  slack-archive repo [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html)

<!--THE END-->

- Internship Program
- Request to exit Incubation status for Hyperledger Fabric ([here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UQwQdAfK9DwTpGFQmIF7HU4YBTpx0ZG1VbdtGW1hlIQ/edit))
- GSL Discussion (Tamas Blummer)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433028/21457559.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433028/21448673.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
