1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 03 23 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 23, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**\*NO QUORUM\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- East Coast, week of April 24th (still finalizing venue)
- Beijing (tentative thinking)
- - June 17-18 Hyperledger Hackathon
  - June 19-20 Hyperledger Track at LinuxCon China
  - June 19-20 Hyperledger Hackfest (concurrent)
- If you have venue space, please contact Todd Benzies [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org)

**Internship Program**

- Please help promote -- [apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/linuxfoundation.org/7fdcecf0-70ff-453d-b436-ab48a3af327b) (deadline is this Friday, March 24th)

**Requirements WG Charter** (Oleg)

- [Final Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)
- No objections
- ACTION:  Todd to initiate an email vote (since quorum was not reached during this meeting)

**Fabric Composer** (Simon Stone)

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M1lLqIP5E2cFIwQJj-7bb-WF7_eFrQ60f9N3b78oJv4/edit)
- Walked through proposal last week -- gave quick overview this week.
- [Discussion](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B42vMkapQi1MLTQ1WW42dDRheDg/view) *\[from 9:55 - 39:20]*
- Open question of changing name to “Composer” (dropping Fabric) to keep the door open for broader collaboration across platforms.
- ACTION:  Todd to initiate an email vote (since quorum was not reached during this meeting)

**Top-level project vs. sub-project discussion**

- Hart provided an overview of his suggested path forward (as detailed [here](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000680.html))

<!--THE END-->

- A suggestion was made to not only list current dependencies, but also future intentions or applicability.
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris and Vipin to draft proposed changes to HIP template, share to TSC mailing list, and review/vote in the March 30th TSC meeting.

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest planning (East Coast, week of April 24th / Beijing, June)

<!--THE END-->

- Internship Program
- Vote result:  Requirements WG Charter [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)
- Vote result:  Fabric Composer [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M1lLqIP5E2cFIwQJj-7bb-WF7_eFrQ60f9N3b78oJv4/edit)
- Top-level project vs. sub-project / Chris Ferris and Vipin to draft proposed changes to HIP template, share to TSC mailing list, and review/vote in the March 30th TSC meeting.
- Q&amp;A on GSL (Tamas Blummer)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433079/21457562.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433079/21448677.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
