1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 01 12 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

January 12, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- WG Charters
- On-going (no action, just tracking)

**Actions**

- Ry to connect with Baohua to onboard Cello into incubation
- - Complete -- last remaining item is Jenkins, scheduled for next week.
- Hackfest planning (San Francisco, Shanghai, New York)
- - San Francisco (February 1-2) [register](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerfebruary2017) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12GHlJlX0NntEtiVYwl1w0V6JRibD66LuAmKBGGRxxfo/edit)
  - Shanghai (March TBD) / New York (May TBD): If you have venue space, please contact [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) to discuss.
- Continue CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)
- - Revisit next week.
  - Suggestion to explore use of a static analysis tool
  - - ACTION:  Brian, Chris, Ry to discuss and formulate suggestion/budget
    - Need to see the licenses so we know we’re authorized to put it on a public server.
- Ry to check in with LF IT on cost associated with hosting Rocket.Chat
- - $350/month roughly to include hosting and operations.  Hosting costs would get passed through to project directly.
  - Rocket chat supports CAS (i.e. LFID)
  - ACTION:  Ry to work with LF IT to set up a test instance.
- Hyperledger is [hiring](https://www.hyperledger.org/uncategorized/2017/01/10/help-shape-the-future-of-blockchain-join-the-hyperledger-team)

**WG Charters**

- Each WG to document their purpose, objectives, and/or deliverables through a Charter that is brought back to the TSC.
- - TWG China (Baohua, Victor) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sXVltDZxnlB5Srd1A-EW0jtTz7P2cDLG8JmgaAYvMzU)
  - Identity WG (Vipin) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NZIOmxBSKCPkJ2OW9bPdUgH7T4JVSP4zbaumXtsyOpg/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - Architecture WG (Ram) - needed
  - Requirements WG (Oleg) - needed
  - Whitepaper WG (Hart) - needed
  - Protocol WG (Binh) - needed
- Start conversations over email, check in next week on TSC call, then formal adoption in 2 weeks.

**Actions**

- Hackfest planning (San Francisco, Shanghai, New York)

<!--THE END-->

- Brian, Chris, Ry to discuss and formulate suggestion/budget for use of a static analysis tool
- Ry to work with LF IT to set up a test instance for Rocket.Chat
- Each WG to document their purpose, objectives, and/or deliverables through a Charter (start conversations over email, check in next week on TSC call, then formal adoption in 2 weeks)

<!--THE END-->

- Continue CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)

**On-Going**

- Each project to send a monthly update for the 3rd TSC meeting of the month (Todd to send a reminder).  Paragraph or bullet points are both acceptable.
- - Any implementations should be mentioned (Marketing team is working on a pilots and production tracker)
- Internship Program -- if you are interested in being a mentor for an intern, please let us know (this will launch early 2017)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432949/21457554.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432949/21448667.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
