1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 01 19 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

January 19, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Discourse:  [discuss.hyperledger.org](http://discuss.hyperledger.org)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- IRC:  #hyperledger on [freenode.net](http://freenode.net) (has Meetbot)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Slack:  [https://slack.hyperledger.org/](https://slack.hyperledger.org/) (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- Whitepaper WG
- WG Charters
- Project Updates
- On-going (no action, just tracking)

**Actions**

- Hackfest planning (San Francisco, Shanghai, New York)
- - San Francisco (February 1-2) [register](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerfebruary2017) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12GHlJlX0NntEtiVYwl1w0V6JRibD66LuAmKBGGRxxfo/edit)
  - Shanghai (March TBD) / New York (May TBD): If you have venue space, please contact [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) to discuss.
- Ry to work with LF IT to set up a test instance for Rocket.Chat
- - Supports LFID, should be up by Feb 1st to test out.
- Reminder:  Hyperledger is [hiring](https://www.hyperledger.org/uncategorized/2017/01/10/help-shape-the-future-of-blockchain-join-the-hyperledger-team)

**Whitepaper WG**

- Request that the TSC members go over the whitepaper skeleton document (attached), to then vote on 1/26 to approve to move forward.

**WG Charters**

- Each WG to document their purpose, objectives, and/or deliverables through a Charter (start conversations over email, check in this week on TSC call, then formal adoption in 1 week)
- - TWG China (Baohua, Victor, Charles) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sXVltDZxnlB5Srd1A-EW0jtTz7P2cDLG8JmgaAYvMzU/edit)
  - - CF:  Under “collaborators” -- should say “all projects” not “all projects under incubation.”
    - VOTE:  Approved.
  - Architecture WG (Ram) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gB_frdRVBhVRJJV8IwpE1k9-2sWXqBYAKiW8-JbWJ9s)
  - - ALH:  In “collaboration” -- remove the word “ideally”
    - VOTE:  Approved.
  - Whitepaper WG (Hart) [PDF at bottom](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-January/000550.html)
  - - VOTE:  Approved  (conditions:  accept Whitepaper WG Charter as is, to be amended with preamble from skeleton outline that gets approved next week)
  - Identity WG (Vipin) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NZIOmxBSKCPkJ2OW9bPdUgH7T4JVSP4zbaumXtsyOpg/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - - WG will meet next week to finalize.  Encourage everyone to provide comments and feedback to get factored in.
  - Requirements WG (Oleg) - needed
  - Protocol WG (Binh) - needed
  - Fabric-SDK WG (Pardha) - needed

**Global Synchronization Log (GSL)**

- Back in December, Digital Asset published GSL -- what next?
- Discussion ensued leading to the outcome that Murali will connect internally with Rob (DTCC), as well as Tamas (Digital Asset), and start a discussion thread on the TSC list.

**Project Updates (FYI only)**

- Fabric (Chris Ferris)
- - Work continues to close on remaining development towards the v1.0 release.
  - We expect to cut an initial v1.0-alpha release with corresponding images published to DockerHub and Node modules to NPM.
  - From there, focus will shift to hardening the code, documentation and tests, performance and scalability in preparation for a series of successive releases (-beta, -rcN and ultimately v1.0 in March).
- Sawtooth Lake (Dan Middleton)
- - We have tagged a stable release and are proceeding with more aggressive features in the development branch.
  - These new features target enhanced performance (e.g. from different threading techniques) to multi-language support for smart contracts.
  - We plan to present the design updates for these features at the upcoming Hyperledger Hackfest in San Francisco, Feb 1.
- Iroha (Makoto Takemiya)
- - Recent work has been on improving the set up experience for docker by using docker swarm and automatically doing some peer discovery to bootstrap the network.  This is currently in the docker-ci branch and will soon be merged into master and we will also push to dockerhub. We are also working to finish the Hijiri peer reputation system and on switching from protobufs to flatbuffers.  Our grpc API is also mostly finalized at this point and the changes will be merged into master within a few days.
  - Over the next few weeks we want to improve network stability and also replace our method of data storage to improve performance and simplify the codebase.
  - We have an irohackathon this weekend that is being hosted at the University of Aizu in Fukushima Prefecture, so we hope to get some feedback and new ideas for our API.
- Blockchain Explorer (Pardha Vishnumolakala)
- - We completed creating functional specification document that describes the complete functionality of explorer.  This document will be shared with community to solicit feedback in the next week.
  - Near term goal is to make the explorer work with Fabric 1.0 by end of March.
- Cello (Yang Baohua)
- - The environment was setup with Jira board/Gerrit repo/wiki page/Slack channel, and CI in this week.
  - The initial code was imported into Gerrit and tested.
  - An announcement email was sent in the mail-list to welcome more volunteers, and a blog is published.
  - New [jira tasks](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=111&projectKey=CE) were created, we're on the progress to support these planned features.

**Actions**

- Hackfest planning (San Francisco, Shanghai, New York)

<!--THE END-->

- Ry to work with LF IT to set up a test instance for Rocket.Chat
- WG Charters
- GSL - Murali to start a thread on the TSC list

<!--THE END-->

- Continue CII Security Badge [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2016-December/000500.html)
- - Brian, Chris, Ry to discuss and formulate suggestion/budget for use of a static analysis tool

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432966/21457555.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432966/21448668.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
