1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 02 09 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Sean Bohan on Jul 31, 2023

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

February 9, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**\*QUORUM NOT REACHED\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  chat.hyperledger.org (you can use your LFID to login)  Hyperledger now uses Discord for chat: [https://discord.gg/hyperledger](https://discord.gg/hyperledger)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest Planning + Shanghai Hackathon
- - Shanghai Hackathon (March 11-12) [http://szqy.ffan.com/hack/Hack/](http://szqy.ffan.com/hack/Hack/) (English version still being updated).  Note, this is a Hackathon (as opposed to the Hackfest held in San Francisco last week).
  - Decision to not hold a Hackfest in Shanghai in March (likely will hold in Beijing in June).
  - Potential to hold an NY Hackfest in April timeframe.
- Rocket.Chat is live [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- - So far so good.
  - Archive of Slack will be a copy of all public messages from day 0 of the Slack instance with the goal to make them public and searchable.
- WG Charters
- - Identity WG (Vipin) [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NZIOmxBSKCPkJ2OW9bPdUgH7T4JVSP4zbaumXtsyOpg/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - - Input incorporated since last TSC meeting.
    - No objections to current draft.
    - VOTE will be called for via email since quorum wast not met.
  - Requirements WG (Oleg) - needed
  - Fabric-SDK WG (Pardha) - needed
- FYI:  GSL Discussion - Tamas to present on February 23rd
- Reminder:  Internship Program / Call for mentors and project suggestions [https://goo.gl/forms/CdyvxaKmwv7PwFbl2](https://goo.gl/forms/CdyvxaKmwv7PwFbl2) \[deadline:  February 17th]
- Open Discussion
- - Vipin:  Curious as to whether interoperability of all sorts is a stated requirement of identity WG or not?  We want to create a pathway towards implementation, something concrete. Request for the different projects send Vipin their thoughts on identity -- either a document or code.
  - Ram:  From Architecture WG viewpoint, we assume that interoperability is a requirement.
  - Richard:  re: Corda -- technical whitepaper outlines how we are viewing identity in core platform, also work inside of WGs inside R3 on identity higher up in stack.
  - Ram:  Saw an early draft from Marketing WG -- mentioned mutability.  But, we had assumed immutability is an essential characteristic of the DLT for Hyperledger.  Want input on this.

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest planning (New York, April / Beijing, June)

<!--THE END-->

- WG Charters (status of email vote on Identity WG + need drafts from Requirements WG and Fabric-SDK WG)
- VOTE:  slack-archive repo [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-February/000605.html)

<!--THE END-->

- Project updates needed by EOD 2/15
- Internship Program / Call for mentors and project suggestions [https://goo.gl/forms/CdyvxaKmwv7PwFbl2](https://goo.gl/forms/CdyvxaKmwv7PwFbl2)
- GSL Discussion on 2/23

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433002/21457557.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433002/21448671.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
