1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 10 12 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 12, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**EU Hackfest Planning**

- Pending -- no update

**Hyperledger Training WG**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90)
- Active discussion around the scope -- with the following points open for continued discussion via the TSC mailing list.
- - Should scope be limited to only Active projects (or any project in incubation)?
  - How does the WG prioritize what gets created/developed?
  - What is the responsibility of WG vs. the responsibility of a project (both with respect to who does what and where the material ends up).
- Brian noted that this WG should be viewed similar to an open source software project -- helping all the projects under the Hyperledger umbrella create unified training content, ensure consistency, and provide a layer of governance to ensure that the publicly facing content makes sense to the outside world.

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Quilt**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit)
- No outstanding concerns.
- VOTE:  unanimously approved.

**\[HIP] Chaincode Designer**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n8gxFOmYxvEI4tHVvp2GtHstMncgIDAT6c3cAu1HcBA/edit?usp=sharing)
- Deferred until next week when Bei Wang is able to join

**Project Reporting**

- FYI:  Project Reporting [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yUGD1bKPk1APsgZwMKrBDzpl98x8nr0k3IPJhJnawOU) unanimously approved by email vote with the following [schedule](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-update-schedule)
- ACTION:  Hyperledger Fabric update for next week’s TSC meeting

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433365/21457582.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433365/21448705.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
