1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 10 05 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 5, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**\*quorum not reached\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**EU Hackfest Planning**

- Pending -- no update

**FYI:  DCO enforcement**

- [Transition](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-October/001137.html) for GitHub projects
- Any questions, please reach out to Ry Jones

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Quilt**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit)
- Move discussion to the TSC [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-October/001145.html) on this topic to finalize discussion and bring back for a vote in the TSC meeting next week.

**\[HIP] Chaincode Designer**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n8gxFOmYxvEI4tHVvp2GtHstMncgIDAT6c3cAu1HcBA/edit?usp=sharing) | [Thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-September/001115.html)
- Defer until next week, team was not able to join call due to Holiday in China

**Project Reporting**

- Proposed [template](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/template.txt)
- Suggestion to add highlighting the the review process in the activity environment as part of the metrics.
- Tracy to make edits to the proposed template and define cadence for the rolling schedule.
- Vote next week.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433351/21457581.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433351/21448704.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
