1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 10 19 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 19, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**EU Hackfest Planning (Todd Benzies)**

- December 5-6 in Lisbon, Portugal
- Registration will be live next week

**Hyperledger Training WG (Tracy Kuhrt)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90)
- Defer until next week -- continue discussion via mailing list and comment in the Google doc of the proposal

**Hyperledger Sawtooth Update (Dan Middleton)**

- Zac Delventhal gave an overview of a new feature for supply chain called AssetTrack \[[recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MaGcyRVBqSGlwSHM) 6:25 - 14:05]
- [https://github.com/hyperledger/sawtooth-supply-chain](https://github.com/hyperledger/sawtooth-supply-chain)

**Project Reporting:  Hyperledger Fabric (Chris Ferris)**

- Chris provided an overview of the Hyperledger Fabric [report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2017-oct)
- Next week, Hyperledger Sawtooth will provide a report

**Whitepaper WG Update (Hart Montgomery)**

- Nearing completion of whitepaper covering “Intro to Hyperledger” -- please read through draft [paper](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledgerwp/blob/master/paper.pdf) and provide feedback.
- After a few weeks of review, this will be passed over the technical writers to further polish, and then finally the Marketing Committee.
- Chris to work with Brian and Hart on giving the Governing Board an FYI

**Open Discussion**

- Mark Wagner noted that the PSWG has moved to a weekly meeting and encouraged others to attend.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433378/21457583.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433378/21448706.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
