1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 06 08 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

June 8, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- Beijing Hackfest / June 19-20, [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2017) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LfTtwHvQfZAHUz8k35-s3hmE3S_0uXSuAAnhTB7U-Hg/edit) (draft) -- just hit 100 registrations!
- - [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/twgc/hackfest-beijing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/twgc/hackfest-beijing)
  - TWG-China is helping recruit attendees and develop agenda
- Future Hackfests (August &amp; October?  US &amp; Europe?)
- - mid-August or mid-September on East Coast
  - Crypto event is 8/20 - 8/24 (do not want to conflict)
  - ACTION:  Todd to send a Doodle poll to technical community with a few date options

**Security Bug Handling Process**

- Tracy provided a brief recap of the near-final [draft](https://docs.google.com/a/linuxfoundation.org/document/d/1gne57E4XEAxETZh_pmyVVWyI7FgXkmD72U3HfG193D8/edit?usp=sharing) that was distributed by Dave Huseby, incorporating in feedback from the TSC meeting 2 weeks prior

<!--THE END-->

- Suggested edits
- - In the document, put “what is a security bug” before “how to submit a security bug”
  - Add clarity to definition of “what is a security bug” to help those that will be reporting bugs understand.  Confident that the Security team will know how to filter security-related versus non, but want to mitigate the number of non-security-related bugs that come through this channel.
  - Fix the landing page(s) for the reporting mechanism, offer as few choices as possible to be able to submit the security-related bug in a streamlined manner.
  - Tracy/Dave to work with Ry to have a link from [hyperledger.org](http://hyperledger.org), as well as public project pages, so that the actual reporting mechanism is clear.
  - Tracy to ensure that the “security flag” is an option when creating an issue in Jira
- VOTE:  Approved unanimously.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433177/21457568.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433177/21448687.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
