1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 08 24 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 24, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Nathan George

Yes

**\*quorum not reached\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- US:  9/21 &amp; 9/22 in Chicago [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gmSkA1Y0YkUAHfEfJNMuDf4uhwjpr32r2ykMvYKKnqo/edit)
- Europe:  late-October (evaluating several locations)

**TSC Annual Election**

- Please join me in welcoming the following new or returning members to the TSC (in alphabetical order):

<!--THE END-->

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Greg Haskins
- Hart Montgomery
- Jonathan Levi
- Kelly Olson
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George

<!--THE END-->

- TSC Chair nomination/election to commence

**PSWG Charter** (Mark Wagner)

- Revised [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg/edit)
- WG wants more clarification on rough consensus to be consistent with what other WGs are doing
- Mark to bring this back to PSWG and then come back to TSC for a final approval and vote

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Caliper - a benchmark framework for performance testing** (Haojun Zhou)

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cwScsNgYUj72vP2fqZ6vihYiuQcy45Ml2C_yLRI7EoQ/edit?ts=59955891)
- Haojun Zhou provided an overview of the proposal ([recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B42vMkapQi1MTzFRZ1Zab014MDQ) 9:45 - 46:26)
- ACTION:  follow-up discussion via email [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-August/001052.html)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433296/21457577.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433296/21448698.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
