1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 08 17 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 17, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- US:  9/21 &amp; 9/22 in Chicago [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gmSkA1Y0YkUAHfEfJNMuDf4uhwjpr32r2ykMvYKKnqo/edit)
- Europe:  tracking on 10/28 &amp; 10/29 in Berlin (meetup on Thursday prior to Hackfest)

**TSC Annual Election**

- Voting begins on Thursday (8/17) at 8:00am PT -- details will be sent directly to all eligible voters.

**Repo for Educational Materials**

- Creating a MOOC for Hyperledger and want to store in a GitHub repo ([thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-August/001025.html))
- Discussion ensued, leading to the recommendation to create a GitHub repo now, and then bring a proposal for a corresponding WG (and named participants) back to the TSC next week.
- - VOTE:  Unanimous

**Security Audit update**

- Security team has formed and mailing lists have been set up
- Confidential bug handling in Jira
- Have an outside firm (Nettitude) doing a security audit of Hyperledger Fabric
- Nettitude is sending folks to Chicago Hackfest to present on methods/results and what has been done to harden the platform

**Task force to look at GitHub for all Hyperledger projects**

- Chris Ferris made the suggestion to create a task force to look at using GitHub for all Hyperledger projects and evaluating what standard set of guidelines could be laid across all projects (i.e. enforcing DCO, code reviews, branching models, etc.) and to further enable collaboration between projects.
- Brian noted that developer productivity and legal coherence should be the primary focus to optimize for
- ACTION:  Chris to send a [note](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-technical-discuss/2017-August/000634.html) to technical-discuss with thoughts and to solicit volunteers, and then bring a proposal back to the TSC

**Next week:**  PSWG Charter discussion/approval

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433284/21457576.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433284/21448697.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
