1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 09 28 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 28, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**EU Hackfest Planning**

- Pending -- no update
- Suggestions for future Hackfests:
- - More time hacking, less time talking/presenting.
  - Consider expanding to 3 days -- Day 1 is presos, WGs, getting newbies up to speed; Day 2-3 is for hacking.
  - Create a taskforce with ideas on how to improve Hackfests

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Quilt**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit) | [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-September/001077.html)
- The scope needed to be clarified to be (roughly) that the proposal would be limited to implementation of the ILP RFC.
- Remove the more general discussion about Hyperledger project interoperability.
- From there, an email vote will be initiated.

**\[HIP] Chaincode Designer**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n8gxFOmYxvEI4tHVvp2GtHstMncgIDAT6c3cAu1HcBA/edit?usp=sharing) | [Thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-September/001115.html)
- Defer until next week due to audio issues.

**Project Reporting**

- Proposed [template](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/template.txt)
- Suggestions
- - Consider a rolling schedule for reports to be due, so that in any given week the TSC has, say, one or less quarterly report to review (or 3 per month) given the current number of projects.
  - Add maintainer diversity and measure backlog of PR/CR
- Tracy to make edits to the proposed template and define cadence for the rolling schedule.
- From there, an email vote will be initiated.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433338/21457580.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433338/21448703.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
