1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 05 25 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

May 25, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**\*\*NO QUORUM\*\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Beijing Hackfest**

- June 19-20, [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2017) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LfTtwHvQfZAHUz8k35-s3hmE3S_0uXSuAAnhTB7U-Hg/edit) (draft)

**CII Badge Certification update**

- Hyperledger Fabric 100%
- Hyperledger Sawtooth 100%
- Hyperledger Iroha 97%

**Security Bug Handling Process**

- Dave provided an overview of his [draft](https://docs.google.com/a/linuxfoundation.org/document/d/1gne57E4XEAxETZh_pmyVVWyI7FgXkmD72U3HfG193D8/edit?usp=sharing)
- Suggestion to have a minimum of 2 people per project (identify primary and alternate)
- How are we defining security bugs -- are bugs in consensus algorithms technically security bugs, for instance?
- - Rough definition is that any bug that allows some non-trusted actor (or even trusted actor) to adversely affect the functioning of the network.   So, that would include a bug in the consensus algorithm, as well.
- Would be helpful to look at what Ethereum and Bitcoin have done about appropriate response for algorithmic bugs, i.e. DAO.
- If an OpenSSL bug is reported, does this committee meet to see how it impacts us?  Yes.
- Suggest capturing learnings from threat modeling that can be shared between projects
- ACTION:  Dave to incorporate this feedback into draft, circulate via email for comments, and then call for an email vote

**Introduction of Marta Piekarska**

- [https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2017/05/18/meet-hyperledgers-new-director-of-ecosystems](https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2017/05/18/meet-hyperledgers-new-director-of-ecosystems)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433165/21457567.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433165/21448685.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
