1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 09 07 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 7, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**TSC Chair | Election Results**

- Congrats to Chris Ferris on re-election!

**Hackfest Planning**

- Chicago Hackfest (9/21 &amp; 9/22), please [register now](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017) (and contribute to [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gmSkA1Y0YkUAHfEfJNMuDf4uhwjpr32r2ykMvYKKnqo/edit)).
- EU Hackfest: planning on Lisbon, Portugal (12/5 &amp; 12/6) -- any objections?
- - No objections.
  - ACTION:  Hyperledger team to secure venue and launch registration.

**PSWG Charter** (Mark Wagner)

- Revised [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg/edit)
- VOTE:  Approved - unanimous.

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Caliper - a benchmark framework for performance testing** (Haojun Zhou)

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cwScsNgYUj72vP2fqZ6vihYiuQcy45Ml2C_yLRI7EoQ/edit?ts=59955891)
- Concerns were raised noting that the PSWG should first have adequate time to create requirements and specs so that there is a consistency for potential benchmarking framework projects to adhere to.
- Concerns were raised around publishing results and the associated sensitivity.
- Comment that benchmarking projects need to be able to work with all projects under the Hyperledger umbrella.
- ACTION:  Caliper team to continue working with the PSWG until the PSWG has formalized requirements back to the TSC.  At that point, Caliper (or other projects) may propose for incubation.

**\[HIP] Hyperledger Interledger-Java**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit) | [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-September/001077.html)
- No discussion this week -- will be on agenda for next week.

**Security team update (Dave)**

- A few issues have gone through confidential system related to security auditing -- nothing serious.
- One infra issue that the Security team is working through.
- Updates have been made to Security wiki pages, tightening up security handling processes and recommendations for secure coding.
- Nettitude will be at the Chicago Hackfest to report out on their work.

**Project reporting discussion**

- ACTION:  Tracy to start this topic via email again.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433310/21457578.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433310/21448700.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
