1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 07 20 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

July 20, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**\*quorum not reached\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- US:  9/21 &amp; 9/22 in Chicago \[TENTATIVE -- to be confirmed]
- Europe:  [http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb](http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb)

**TSC Annual Election**

- [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uAAiv7xkFlgwDKpkxy7xOrG6WqrP1uB6NufBCM17Q1o/edit)
- Proposal for vote:  that in addition to collecting the GitHub/Gerrit committer data for the preceding 12 months and the list of project Maintainers for each repository, that we also include the list of WG Chairs and collect from each a list of individual "WG Contributors." There should also be a dispute resolution process where an individual who believes they should be included (but was not) can appeal to the WG Chair and Hyperledger Technical Advocate(s) with the final determination left to Hyperledger staff.
- - General support, no objections.
  - ACTION:  Todd to initiate vote via [email](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000988.html) (since quorum was not reached).

**Hyperledger Community Survey discussion**

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000977.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000977.html)
- Tracy and Kathryn:  Trying to understand who is in our community and how we can best support and enable them, most interested in developers (but also interested in marketing, business, legal, etc.)
- What channels will be used to distribute the survey?
- - Looking at using [hyperledger.org](http://hyperledger.org), rocket.chat, mailing lists, and other channels per TSC to get this out to the Community.
  - Suggestion to consider posting a blog around this.
- A separate discussion topic was raised around anonymity in rocket.chat -- to be teed up for discussion in a future TSC meeting.

**Project Reporting**

- [Thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000951.html) and [proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/_template.txt)
- Tracy:  Hoping to make progress on this topic to find a mechanism that allows the TSC to understand the state and health of all Hyperledger projects.
- Suggestion to move frequency to a quarterly cadence (as opposed to monthly).
- Concern around using email addresses as a way to identify which companies are contributing (as some people could be using Gmail instead of a corporate email address).
- Suggestion to find a balance between not using the TSC calls just for project reporting, but also not waiting until Hackfests to get updates.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433240/21457573.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433240/21448693.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
