1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 11 16 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

November 16, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**FYI:  Canceling November 23rd TSC meeting which falls on US Thanksgiving Holiday**

**EU Hackfest Planning (Todd Benzies)**

- Lisbon Hackfest (December 5-6) | [register](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestdecember2017) now &amp; draft [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DZKPwb0ztJ0D1jpZF4gXIGp6ZHAL_v-3bRVDGVHJsYY/edit)

**White Paper (Hart Montgomery)**

- Please go read the whitepaper draft at [https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledgerwp/blob/master/paper.pdf](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledgerwp/blob/master/paper.pdf)
- Email on any general edits, otherwise feel free to make a pull request.
- Will be bringing this back to TSC for approval on November 30th

**Project Reporting**

- Caroline provided an overview of the Hyperledger Composer [report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2017-nov)
- Sean provided an overview of the Hyperledger Indy [report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/indy-2017-nov)
- FYI -- Hyperledger Burrow will be the next project update on November 30th TSC call

**Hyperledger Training and Education WG (Tracy Kuhrt)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90)
- Deferred until November 30th TSC meeting

**HIP:  Cicero (Dan Selman)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H0uzExtMWQW9Ga3IH_FYsxANYfWan6_js2AGgIoYqWk/)
- Concerns raised that Cicero is still a bit premature at this juncture
- Full discussion 19:30 - 48:00 in [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FjGDxe7JaAAM-h9U7Q8wE1yHzAvQQh2l)
- VOTE:  8 “no” and 3 “abstain” -- not approved.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433418/21457586.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433418/21448710.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
