1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 03 16 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 16, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Yes

Tamas Blummer

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- East Coast, week of April 24th (still searching for venue) -- adding Chicago and DC to the search
- Beijing (tentative thinking)
- - June 17-18 Hyperledger Hackathon
  - June 19-20 Hyperledger Track at LinuxCon China
  - June 19-20 Hyperledger Hackfest (concurrent)
- If you have venue space, please contact Todd Benzies [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org)

**Internship Program**

- Please help promote the Hyperledger Internship Program -- deadline for students to submit applications is March 24th
- - [https://jobs.lever.co/linuxfoundation.org/7fdcecf0-70ff-453d-b436-ab48a3af327b](https://jobs.lever.co/linuxfoundation.org/7fdcecf0-70ff-453d-b436-ab48a3af327b)

**Requirements WG** (Oleg)

- [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)
- Punting to 3/23 for when Oleg can join the TSC call

**Go Client SDK** (Aleksandar Likic)

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tYk3t8pF2mj4IGSzPvGopzKxSz8okTW749UyNqxTGZk/edit#heading=h.z6d96rq3y4w) / [initial e-mail thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000666.html)
- Q:  Who are maintainers/contributors, going forward?
- - SecureKey would contribute current codebase, link on github.
  - SecureKey will continue to work on this and would like to be part of maintainer list.
- Q:  Difference between sponsors and maintainers?  A 3rd sponsor from another company would be nice, but this is diverse enough to get started.  Should we adopt sponsors as maintainers?
- - Yes, OK with that.
- Discussion as to whether this should be a top-level project or feed into an existing topic.
- - DM:  [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000671.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000671.html)
  - BB:  The risk of too much activity buried within one monolithic project could be problematic.  This likely makes sense to be independent, as opposed to subclass of Fabric. Also, we differentiate between frameworks and modules.
  - DM:  Looking at it from the opposite perspective -- in this case the Fabric community is more knowledgeable about the relative merits of a particular SDK.
  - Vipin:  Suggestion for SDK WG to be resurrected to look at this stuff.
  - Mic:  Don’t think we need to require projects to be cross-platform.  Also, as more and more of these become specific to a platform, it seems only a subset of this group has deep enough knowledge to evaluate (usefulness, intent, etc.).  Agree with administrative structure and separate maintainers, but need some way to evaluate and communicate the difference between all of these.
- VOTE:  6 “yes” / 1 “no” / 1 “abstain” -- APPROVED.
- - Caveat of having follow-on discussion about on top-level or sub-project.
  - ACTION:  Chris to tee up thread
  - - Subsequent email thread:  [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000686.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-March/000686.html)

**Fabric Composer (Simon Stone)**

- Simon provided and overview of the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M1lLqIP5E2cFIwQJj-7bb-WF7_eFrQ60f9N3b78oJv4/edit)
- Q:  there are number of contracting languages, this feels like the beginnings of a platform independent contracting language.  Is that accurate?
- - Simon:  yes, the code is 90% platform independent.
- Ran out of time on TSC call, picking this topic up next week -- please send any questions/comments over the mailing list in the meantime.

*Project Updates*

**Fabric**

- We published the v1.0-alpha release of Fabric \[1], Fabric-ca and Fabric-sdk-node. Work now pivots towards testing, bug fixing and further hardening of the release. The maintainers will publish periodic releases as the code further stabilizes.
- The TSC also approved incubation of a new Fabric SDK for Go. That project will be on-boarded shortly.
- There is an active proposal to incubate the Fabric-Composer project, but the TSC needs another week of review and discussion. There seems to be interest beyond Fabric that warrants exploration.
- Planning for a "connect-a-thon" across multiple cloud providers - one that demonstrates that Fabric can be deployed to multiple cloud platforms and integrated into a highly distributed and heterogeneous consortia network - is under way with a number of community members interested in contributing to that effort.

\[1] [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha)

\[2] [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha)

\[3] [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-node/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha)

**Sawtooth** 

- Sawtooth Lake was awarded 2016 Open Source Rookie of the Year by Black Duck software.
- - Previous winners include OpenStack, Ansible, Docker, and Rocket.Chat.
- Demo Net ([https://01.org/sawtooth/](https://01.org/sawtooth/)) is live!
- - Sawtooth Demo Net showcases some of the transaction families and their applications which have been built on and open sourced through Sawtooth Lake. Initially highlighted is a Bond trading demonstration. This will be followed by a supply chain / provenance and a marketplace demo.
- New features continue under master (0-8 branch).
- - 0-8 is approaching MVP feature parity with stable (0-7) along with its new capabilities.
  - Recent new features in 0-8 include on-chain configuration and new CLI tools to build transactions including those configuration transactions.

**Iroha**

- We added a python library ([https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-python](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-python)) and scala library ([https://github.com/cimadai/iroha-scala](https://github.com/cimadai/iroha-scala))
- API is being refactored to match the new flatbuffer data scheme. This should be completed this month.
- Ametsuchi ([https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-ametsuchi](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-ametsuchi)), the flatbuffer database, is mostly finished. The first version and integration into Iroha should be completed this month.
- We are currently targeting a v1.0 release of Iroha by the end of April.
- A very successful hackathon was hosted by the University of Tokyo on March 11-12, where several teams made interesting applications on top of Iroha: [https://sites.google.com/view/tanaka-announcement201703/%E3%83%9B%E3%83%BC%E3%83%A0](https://sites.google.com/view/tanaka-announcement201703/%E3%83%9B%E3%83%BC%E3%83%A0)

**Blockchain Explorer**

- Latest architecture document is now available on [wiki.hyperledger.org](http://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Created several Jira tickets required to complete the functionality
- Completed the initial setup using the latest architecture as proposed in the architecture document

**Cello**

- Finished the operational dashboard theme supports, now we support flexible dashboards based on different requirements.
- Fixed deployment issues from the mailing list and Rocket.Chat, many users show their favorites in Cello.
- Based on the roadmap, we created the summer internship program proposal, and now are reviewing candidate profiles.
- Started implementing fabric 1.0 supports, new features on chaincode lifecycle management are being discussed and will be planed.

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest planning (East Coast, week of April 24th / Beijing, June)

<!--THE END-->

- Requirements WG Charter [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GJR3oLk5-JL-A1lXtFJQ2shisf0xrp4cHAM70DWDCbA/edit)
- Internship Program
- Fabric Composer [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M1lLqIP5E2cFIwQJj-7bb-WF7_eFrQ60f9N3b78oJv4/edit) (Simon Stone)
- Top-level project vs. sub-project discussion
- Q&amp;A on GSL (Tamas Blummer)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433054/21457561.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433054/21448676.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
