1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 07 06 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

July 6, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Richard Brown

Yes

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

**\*quorum not reached\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**\[reminder] TSC annual elections will begin in early August (more details to come)**

**Hackfest Planning (Brian Behlendorf &amp; Todd Benzies)**

- Quick discussion on overall Hackfest strategy and value
- - Cadence may be better at quarterly vs. every two months (easier on travel budgets)
  - Consider scheduling talks all morning, and then leave afternoons open for hacking.  Recently Hackfest have been more conference-like, as opposed to hacking.
  - Get folks from different projects to talk with each other more.
  - Consider having time for prepared presentations, time for ramping new participants, and time for experienced hacking.
- US:  9/14 &amp; 9/15 \_or_ 9/21 &amp; 9/22 -- looking at Chicago (unless any East Coast venue space arises)
- Europe:  [http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb](http://doodle.com/poll/39za7hz3i98k8esb)

**Security Code Reviews and Bug Bounties (Brian Behlendorf &amp; Dave Huseby)**

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000955.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000955.html)
- General support in favor
- If anyone has strong opinions otherwise, please let Hyperledger Staff know ASAP.

**Third party dependency licenses (Brian Behlendorf &amp; Tracy Kuhrt)**

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000953.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000953.html)
- Tracy:  The scans that have been conducted have been done against the source code that has been checked in to either Gerrit or Github. The scans do not include any third-party dependencies that are not included in the source repositories. The project developers will be responsible for making sure that any third-party dependencies that are linked into the code base are also compliant with the IP policy defined in the Hyperledger Charter.
- Please continue discussion on the mailing list (per thread above)

**Project reporting (Tracy Kuhrt)**

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000951.html](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-July/000951.html)
- Brian:  There is a mandatory technical governance and oversight role that has to happen somewhere in Hyperledger -- this sense of ownership is critical.
- Concern around status report for sake of status report vs. status report for evaluating health of project.
- Understand not wanting to create extra work for nothing -- but, the template that gets created should allow an active maintainer to be able to respond in 30 minutes or less.  This ambient awareness is critical for others.
- ACTION:  Tracy/Brian to bring a proposal back to TSC to review, discuss, and vote on.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433216/21457571.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433216/21448691.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
