1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 11 30 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

November 30, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Nathan George

Yes

**\*QUORUM NOT REACHED\***

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**FYI:  cancelling December 7th meeting due to EU Hackfest travel**

**EU Hackfest Planning**

- FINAL REMINDER:  Lisbon Hackfest (December 5-6) | [register](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestdecember2017) now &amp; draft [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DZKPwb0ztJ0D1jpZF4gXIGp6ZHAL_v-3bRVDGVHJsYY/edit)

**White Paper (Hart Montgomery)**

- Please go read the whitepaper draft [here](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/attachments/20171129/cbd69ee4/attachment-0001.pdf)
- Both Chris and Vipin sent email considerations on TSC list shortly before the TSC call
- - Better info from QuILT and Iroha
  - Thoughts on changing/removing association with databases at the beginning of paper
- General consensus to move forward, but quorum was not reached on the call.  Todd will initiate an email vote per Chris’ request.

**Hyperledger Training and Education WG (Tracy Kuhrt)**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90)
- Call for additional volunteers as Maintainers -- Baohua volunteered.
- Initial Maintainers are Chris Ferris, Shawn Amundson, and Baohua Yang (more welcome, reach out to Tracy Kuhrt)
- General consensus to move forward, but quorum was not reached on the call.  Todd will initiate an email vote per Chris’ request.

**Project Reporting**

- FYI -- Hyperledger Burrow will be the next project update on December 14th TSC call

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433434/21457587.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433434/21448712.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
