1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2017](2017_21448665.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2017 04 27 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

April 27, 2017 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Murali Krishna Katipalli

Yes

Richard Brown

Sheehan Anderson

Tamas Blummer

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest/Hackathon Planning**

- DC Hackfest recap
- - 65 participants -- great mix of familiar faces and new faces
  - [Activity](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rz1HsUwqIesSgj1fvKWTaNHuYKl7320iGpAX2l2NqBA/edit) that transpired at the Hackfest
- Beijing, June 17-20
- - June 17-18 Hackathon
  - June 19 Hyperledger track (sessions just finalized, will be announced soon)
  - June 19-20 Hackfest
  - No objections.

**Top-level project vs. sub-project** [**discussion**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-April/000732.html)

- Hart had proposed establishing a dependency graph amongst the various projects for when a project is presented for incubation (rather than projects vs. sub-projects) and that the TSC establish certain interdependencies amongst projects and if a dependency exists, the maintainers of that depended on project would weigh in on the proposal and its merits as an input to the TSC decision making process.
- At the Hackfest there was support for the idea that when marketing projects, the list of projects does not need to represent the TSC organizational view (i.e. SDKs), instead present a “product” view.  This would slim down existing projects when publicly facing.
- Suggest a regular reporting structure (once per month for report outs)
- Q:  As an example, Fabric SDKs would be part of Fabric report?
- - Brian:  The marketing of projects would be that Fabric SDKs would be part of Fabric pages.  From TSC and organizational view it would be an independent project reporting separately to TSC.
- Hart:  There are two mostly separate issues here: project governance (through dependencies) and project proposal changes. It seems like there was wide consensus to maintain the flat project structure on email, so that should probably stay as is. The consensus for the project proposal changes seems that we should require project proposals to include sign-offs from experts so the TSC can be confident in the project merits.
- Suggestion to add expert review or endorsements to project template.
- ACTION:  rework draft proposal and bring back to TSC for vote on May 4th TSC meeting.

**Performance and Scalability Working Group**

- Mark Wagner gave an overview of the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A91Jg-TaEgkzQ-tygWOd0LqLcP24T7En-ZdkA1MnHIE/edit?usp=sharing), which was also discussed during the Hackfest
- A suggestion was made to benchmark different configurations, as opposed to different projects.
- A suggestion was made to detail out associated terminology/definitions so that everyone is clear.
- VOTE:  Unanimous.  APPROVED.

**Actions + On-going**

- Hackfest/Hackathon planning (Beijing, June 17-20)

<!--THE END-->

- Top-level project vs. sub-project [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-April/000732.html)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433131/21457565.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433131/21448682.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
