1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 01 11 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Sean Bohan on Jul 31, 2023

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

January 11, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  chat.hyperledger.org (you can use your LFID to login) Hyperledger now uses Discord for chat: [https://discord.gg/hyperledger](https://discord.gg/hyperledger)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Please use #tsc channel on** [**chat.hyperledger.org**](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) **for live chat during TSC call**

**2018 Hackfest planning**

- February 20-22 | Los Angeles (registration coming soon)
- April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon)
- June 27-29 | Amsterdam (confirmed -- more details soon)
- Will be adding a “Day 0” to help new folks come up the learning curve -- Tracy took the action to draft a proposal for the format (and any requested experts from the Community)

**Project Reporting**

- Satheesh Kathamuthu provided the Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2017-dec)
- - A comment was made to look at the licensing issues of React.
  - Are the new Maintainers from OneChain or OnChain?  OneChain.
- Chris Ferris provided the Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-jan)

**Hyperledger Labs**

- Arnaud provided an overview of the updated [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VbgmlIqDnUnvjxSJ5QTUBV-Qn3eA7Gduw0edjYgDXIY/edit?usp=sharing) factoring the discussion from last week.
- Consensus around the following updates:
- - A sponsor can be a Maintainer, TSC Member, or Technical WG Chair
  - A proposer must be a member of the Hyperledger technical community (i.e. commit, serve on TSC, or active participant in WG -- essentially be able to nominate/vote in annual election)
  - Keep hyperledger-labs-archives and hyperledger-archives separate
- Get agreement from Marketing Committee Chair that “&lt;lab\_name&gt;, a Hyperledger Lab” is agreeable (complete).
- ACTION:  email vote.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433476/21457589.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433476/21448718.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
