1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 10 25 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 25, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Quarterly project updates

- Hyperledger Iroha [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/iroha-2018-oct)
- - Update is read into the record
  - Q: is there contributor churn? How is diversity?
  - A: No churn, low diversity
  - Dan points out there are no Iroha meetings on the Community Calendar.
  - Comment: too many chat forums (Telegram, Chat, Gitter)
  - Reply: bots are used to mirror contents of Telegram to Chat
- November 1st:  Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-nov)

Quarterly WG updates

- Technical WG China [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/technical-wg-china-2018-oct)
- - Update is read into the record
  - Comment: why a testnet?
  - Reply: Need place to dogfood, or run a proof-of-contribution token as an example
  - Comment: could more active Technical Ambassadors help?
  - Reply: Hyperledger is trying to recruit more
  - Comment: Hyperledger doesn’t fund meetups directly
  - Further comment: Hyperledger does provide some assistance for food when getting started, but not space rental
- November 1st:  Training and Education WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/training-and-education-wg-2018-oct)

Crypto-lib

- [Proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1779)
- Q: Mic: what is the commitment from projects to incorporate crypto-lib?
- A: Hart: none
- A: Nathan: Indy wants to use ASAP
- - Q: would depending on crypto-lib hurt our process of 1.0?
  - A: Dan: no reason it would hurt
- A: Dan: Sawtooth is interested in adopting, is actively involved in develop to ensure Sawtooth can use it
- A: Silas: Burrow wants to use it
- A: Chris: Fabric doesn’t know. There would need to be Go bindings developed; it would be a post 2.0 item
- A: Salakhiev: Iroha: no plans, would consider in future
- Comment: the governance structure is unique
- - A robust discussion follows and moved to the mailing list

Testnet discussion/proposal

- Deferred to next week

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433992/21457619.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433992/21448759.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
