1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 05 10 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

No recording. 

May 10, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))
- October 3-4 | Montreal (registration coming soon)
- Request each maintainer add a topic that requires hacking or discussion to the agenda, including a goal of what the desired outcome is during the hackfest
- Add note about Hackfests being un-conference style
- Is there a way to say in advance what they are interested in? Add a column to show interest.

**Copyright/License** [**Policy**](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/copyright-and-license-policy)

- The copyright line does not assign the copyright to Hyperledger. Original contributors maintain the copyright. Hyperledger Charter Section 13.A discusses how this works
- Apache License template has the first line being a copyright line - this is used for attribution. We like to have a copyright notice in the file so that if the file is taken out of the repo to be re-used, it remains with the file, unlike a NOTICE file. Recommend attribution line at the top of the file.
- Recommend that we take this through the legal committee
- For legal committee: Is there a best practice for referencing a LICENSES file in lieu of the copyright notification at the top of a source file?
- Hyperledger is not a legal entity. The legal entity is The Linux Foundation.

**Quarterly project updates**

- Richard Esplin provided the Indy [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/indy-2018-may). No issues that need the TSC help.

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Baohua Yang presented the Technical WG China [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/technical-wg-china-2018-may). A number of [issues](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/technical-wg-china-2018-may#issues) were presented that need some help from the TSC and different projects.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
