1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 09 27 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 27, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pYhoy5CxgSyXclIsQs-W8yaIcndjfD-qPWvJmpAehP0/edit))
- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Quarterly project update

- Hyperledger Caliper [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-sep)
- - Concerns raised:
  - - Project update not complete and no one on call to provide update.
    - PSWG has not heard back from Caliper when they have pinged them.
    - Suggestion made to email the project mailing list (as opposed to maintainers) for updates, as well as ensure that maintainers are subscribed to TSC list.
- October 11th: Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-oct)

Quarterly WG update

- None this week
- October 11th: Healthcare WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/healthcare-wg-2018-oct)

Bug Bounty

- Dave Huseby provided an overview of the recent [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1635)
- VOTE:  drop down to email support and rely on security team for triage.  Unanimously approved.

Social Impact WG

- Marta Piekarska provided an overview of the [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1668)
- - Suggestion for work products to identify gaps in technology needed for this area.
  - Is social good a standalone domain?  What do we gain from this umbrella?
  - - Good lead in regarding several WGs that are sector specific WGs  that could potentially be called a SIG. A lot of interest in these groups come from business stakeholders (have discussions and explore space).  This is different from an implementation PoV. As we look at profusion of SIGs, do we want to codify this as a slightly different structure than a technical WG.
  - Does it make sense to have groups like this have deliverables in the same way the technical groups have deliverables?
  - - Brian noted that it helps them feel more guided and focused on outcomes, whereas if it was just a talk shop, it would feel unguided.
  - Maybe recruitment effort be more unfettered get enthusiasm going without heavy process
  - Maybe have a structure so that when there are exceptional things to discussion, TSC is available to facilitate; but, not lose our DNA on development.
  - VOTE:  get Social Impact WG started, then figure out governance structure in terms of deliverables and outputs, to make sure they are syncing with technical community well (i.e. WG or SIG, etc.)
  - - Approved.
    - ACTION -- Community Architects to set up mailing lists and chat channels and email co-Chairs.

Healthcare WG / Chair update

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1687](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1687)
- Vote for Rich Bloch as Healthcare WG Chair scheduled for October 11th TSC meeting

Hyperledger Community Health WG discussion

- Has been some discussion in Marketing Committee to make sure we are messaging well
- All Projects/WGs should know about Code of Conduct
- Needs further discussion on this initiative

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433947/21457617.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433947/21448755.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
