1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 10 11 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

No recording access. 

October 11, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Sector Specific Working Groups

- Will be assisted by Hyperledger staff, monitored by Governing Board via quarterly reports
- As technical artifacts are produced, they will be made available to the TSC
- Healthcare, Public Sector, and Social Impact WG will be under this new scheme
- Mic requested the TSC remain on copy for updates of the Sector-specific working groups

Healthcare WG Chair update

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1687](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1687)
- Vote for Rich Bloch as Healthcare WG Chair passed with no objections or abstentions by voice vote

Montreal Hackfest retrospective

- Tracy hosted a session for new people; recommends this going forward
- Sessions for bootstrapping were well attended (Indy, Crypto-lib)
- Recommended that someone be willing to take new people and bring them up to speed or alternatively to provide details prior to Hackfest to help new contributors
- Indy did a roadmap meeting; found to be good for recruiting new committers
- It’s hard to keep people that aren’t in the room apprised of what is going on

Technical implications of EEA

- [Mail list thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/26875903#1700)
- Staff of Hyperledger are now members of EEA and vice-versa; not the constituent members
- Tracy will represent Hyperledger on standards discussions and report back
- Hyperledger is open; EEA is closed. How will we resolve this tension?
- A robust discussion followed.
- Nothing in this relationship is exclusive.
- Permissioned projects have a lot to learn from public projects, and vice versa
- The biggest struggle all of the SIGs have is use case development and sharing.
- EEA conformance is binary; unlikely Burrow can comply given the wire protocol specification
- Hyperledger cannot be tied to specifications Hyperledger does not participate in the development of
- Dan: This is a duocracy.

Quarterly project update

Updates for [Caliper](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-sep) and [Fabric](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-oct) were rescheduled for the next meeting on October 18th. Sawtooth and Technical Working Group: China are scheduled for that week, as well.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
