1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 08 30 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 30, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))
- Q1 2019 -- tentative Hong Kong or Singapore [https://doodle.com/poll/fibt39eh2sbfirey](https://doodle.com/poll/fibt39eh2sbfirey)
- Schedule [ANNOUNCED](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Annual TSC Chair Election

- Chris Ferris and Dan Middleton are running for the Chair position
- 11 TSC Members will vote (per Charter) and results will be announced next Wednesday evening in TSC

Hyperledger Community Health WG

- Ry provided an overview of the Community Health [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/24914685#1592)
- Concerns raised as to whether this initiative is more focused to help projects/WGs/communities to improve their metrics, or rather in policing/advising on what the metrics should be.
- Tracy noted that the goal is to help tangibly improve the overall community health in the various projects, but to do this in a scalable way across all projects, not in a one-off manner -- what’s working or not working and what kind of patterns from healthier communities can we identify and encourage more broadly.
- Tracy/Ry to revise proposal based on feedback from TSC discussion.

Quarterly project updates

- Simon Stone provided the Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-aug)
- - Any production usage with Composer?
  - - One.
  - Is this sunset of Composer or simply reducing investment in it?
  - - Just the IBM devs are reducing time on Composer, but will continue to update to support Hyperledger Fabric releases and maintain existing compatibility (but, will not be doing any new features).
  - Anything you can do in Composer that you cannot do in Fabric?
  - - Yes (i.e. private data collections)
  - Is the modeling aspect of Composer going to disappear?
  - - Composer is not going anywhere -- you can continue to model blockchain use cases.  We believe that modeling your blockchain networks is the way forward. For example, the work from Dan Selman where we look at pulling out modeling language and embed into other frameworks (It is a library, it is valuable code).
  - A suggestion was made to have the “future of Composer” discussion on the Composer dev list.
- \[moved to September 6th due to timing] Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-aug)
- September 13th:  Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-sep)

Quarterly WG updates

- No updates due this week
- September 6th:  Architecture WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2018-sep)

\[pending] Copyright discussion -- with Hyperledger Legal Committee (meeting has been scheduled)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433880/21457613.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433880/21448751.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
