1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 09 06 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 6, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Update:  Dan Middleton has been elected as TSC Chair for the 2018-2019 cycle; thank you to Chris Ferris for all of his leadership and hard work since the inception of Hyperledger.

Event Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pYhoy5CxgSyXclIsQs-W8yaIcndjfD-qPWvJmpAehP0/edit))
- Q1 2019 -- tentative Hong Kong or Singapore -- any objections to week of March 4th?  (it was the most popular date pattern based on Doodle responses)
- - No objections
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)
- - Comment made that there is a duplicate agenda Fri/Sat
  - Todd noted that there are multiple sessions at each hour, and by having this the same both days allows people to select a different pattern of sessions on the second day
  - We’ll update verbiage on event website to make this clear

Quarterly project update

- Jiahao Chen provided the Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-aug)
- - Any challenges that TSC should be aware of or could help with?
  - - More dev resources to improve new features with Kubernetes
  - How is geographic diversity of Contributors and Maintainers -- primarily APAC?
  - - 3 Maintainers in APAC, 1 Maintainer in US
    - Weekly meeting for Cello is Friday evening in China time (morning for US) -- could be early for the US-based devs
  - Since Cello is roughly based on Fabric, how closely do you follow that release?  Meaning, when will Cello be compatible with 1.2?
  - - Right now.  However, the Kubernetes agent only compatible with 1.0.5.
  - Regarding project lifecycle, have you looked at what it would take to graduate to Active status?
  - - Plan is to release 1.0 at end of the year and then look to go to Active status.
    - Arnaud -- more desirable to go Active first, and then 1.0.
    - Baohua -- noted, we’ll discuss is next Cello meeting.
  - Will Cello support other blockchains?  Would be looking for this as part of going Active per original scope of Cello Charter.
  - - Baohua -- yes, already implemented support of Explorer and Composer.  Looking to support Helm chart, too, to support Sawtooth or Indy.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-sep)

Quarterly WG updates

- Ram Jagadeesan provided the Architecture WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2018-sep)
- - Systems identity paper -- any synopsis that could be shared now?
  - - Please have a look and provide comments at [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10D0WgbMV91YBPzKTutc5TNirDC1RRzB\_8GSF84hv4l4/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10D0WgbMV91YBPzKTutc5TNirDC1RRzB_8GSF84hv4l4/edit)
- Next week:  Identity WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/identity-wg-2018-sep)

Hyperledger Community Health WG

- Tracy noted that they went through WG Charter based on discussion last week -- detailed [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17UCtPEgD0l4LDzwMe3wtlyF04NS2wIxdujApYYbzcl0/edit)
- Suggestion to make metrics part of the quarterly update reports, as opposed to having a separate thing trying to explain the metrics.
- Suggestion to pair the concept of “do-ocracy” with any findings from Community Health.
- [https://chaoss.community/](https://chaoss.community/)

Bug Bounty

- No discussion this week.

**\[pending] Copyright discussion -- with Hyperledger Legal Committee**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433896/21457614.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433896/21448752.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
