1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 08 16 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 16, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))
- Q1 2019 -- planning for APAC
- - Week of 1/14 or 3/4?
  - January could conflict with Real World Crypto (not to mention it is close to New Years and Hyperledger Global Forum)
  - Concern that March was too late in the cycle
  - Try to find a middle date (not conflicting with CNY) and then issue Doodle poll to hone in between the three dates
- Hyperledger Global Forum, December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)
- - [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/)
  - Flagship event for entire Hyperledger ecosystem
  - [Register](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/attend/register/) now (prices increase on September 30th)
  - Speaker notifications on August 23rd
  - Full schedule announced on August 29th

Annual TSC Election

- Election phase begins directly following the TSC call
- Reminder - [timing &amp; process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18YE2l4UZJry7LAcXCMnGQdQuCKuT5mfQS5IRetTeevI/edit)

Quarterly project updates

- \[2 weeks overdue] Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-aug)
- Michael McKean provided the Hyperledger Indy [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/indy-2018-aug)
- - A comment was made that there is a lot of code growth outside of Hyperledger Indy, but more challenging to get folks to make PRs and contribute.  Indy Community is very welcoming for more people to contribute!
- Next week:  Hyperledger Burrow [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/burrow-2018-aug)

Quarterly WG updates

- Marta Piekarska provided the Public Sector WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/public-sector-wg-2018-aug)
- - A comment was made that there are schools (i.e. Columbia with their interntional school of public affairs) that would be a great resource to reach out to.
  - A question was raised as to how many participants from APAC in these meetings?
  - - Few that join meetings (likely timezone problem).  Looking to shift time next quarter to make it easier for some.
- September 6th:  Architecture WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2018-sep)

\[pending] Copyright discussion (no action during this meeting)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433849/21457611.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433849/21448749.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
