1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 02 01 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

February 1, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Congrats to Hyperledger Sawtooth team on** [**1.0 release**](https://www.hyperledger.org/hyperledger-sawtooth-1-0)**!**

**2018 Hackfest Planning**

- February 20-22 | Los Angeles ([registration](http://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestfebruary2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14yNuJsFEWnVsAclKb1QjPluRKgz3rIpaApRSppJj6to/edit))
- April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon)
- **\*registration now open\*** June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))

**2018 Hyperledger Internship Program**

- [Overview](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netinternship/program_overview)
- **\*NOW OPEN\*** February 2 - 23 | Call for Internship Projects and Mentors [here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netinternship/for_mentors)

**Project reporting**

- ACTION:  Composer Maintainers to complete Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-feb)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- [Overall Process](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates)
- [Working Group Update Template](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/template.txt)
- - Tracy merged all edits from the previous TSC call
- [Schedule/Cadence](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-update-schedule)
- VOTE:  unanimously approved
- ACTION:  Tracy to update wiki and move reporting schedule to start a bit earlier.

**Confidential security bug handling for all Hyperledger projects**

- Dave Huseby provided a recap of the his [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2018-January/001365.html)
- In the process of finding a consultant to modify Jira to modify processes in place.
- Hope that projects move away from GitHub issues to Jira.  Not \_required_ to use this, this is just for security issues.
- Connect with Dave if you want to participate.
- How many projects using Github issues?  Composer, Quilt, Iroha, and Burrow
- FYI that Iroha uses non-Hyperledger Jira + GitHub issues, they need to move over.
- DH:  should a project decide NOT to use Hyperledger Jira, they will need to post very publicly “if you are reporting a security issue, email [security@hyperledger.org](mailto:security@hyperledger.org) or report it through Jira so that is is properly handled.”

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433520/21457592.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433520/21448721.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
