1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 10 18 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

October 18, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Supply Chain [proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1739)

- Dave Cecchi provided an overview of the proposal
- Are there more details on generic components being built that could be more widely shared?  Supply chain is a very general term that encompasses many thing -- what is your definition and specific set of capabilities?
- - The motivations are supply chain centric, but certainly components from this type of framework may have applicability to other market models.  Typical use cases deal with logistics, track and trace, as well as multi-party distributed supply chain business enablement. Want to solve distributed supply chain problems.
- Would it be useful for Hyperledger to define a transaction format that is generic enough to be used in a wide range of environments with similar commonalities (i.e. format with sender/receiver addresses with backpointers)
- - These problems have been solved outside of blockchain -- businesses have been transacting for a while.  Looking for reusable components. As a platform, the components all need to work together.
- What code currently exists?  If this was put into incubation, what would land on Day 0?  A lot seems to be centered around business process -- is supply chain as an umbrella project the best path?
- - Some code exists, but not production ready -- this is for incubation.  Code from track and trace usage linked in proposal, as well.
  - Customer, counterparty/party, product or material -- reusable components that can be assembled into an application that would tie these primitives together.
- Why wouldn’t existing standards for supply chain apply?
- - Yes, the standards exists… but, why aren’t they implemented and in open source (or Hyperledger implementation) yet.
- Compare Hyperledger Composer with the scope of this proposal?
- - Composer is a tool to help people get ramped into blockchain and do code generation of business considerations.
  - For this supply chain project, not code generation, but to still facilitate coding business level concerns in delivering an application.
- A suggestion was made to add this into the proposal.
- A suggestion was made to create a non-generic name (not “supply chain”)
- A suggestion was made to have some references to existing standards, and sequencing expectations on deliverables
- Questions as to whether it is limited to this vertical or more broadly encompassing
- Continue discussion via chat and mailing list

Quarterly project updates

- Victor Hu provided the Hyperledger Caliper [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-sep)
- - What is current level of communication between Caliper and PSWG?
  - - For each PSWG meeting, one rep from Caliper will be there
- Chris Ferris provided the Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-oct)
- Andi Gunderson provided the Hyperledger Sawtooth [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2018-oct)
- - Is there a plan for testnet?
  - - Loose plan was to get a starter testnet going where we raise nodes in different organizations, and do some basic integration testing across organizational boundaries -- then, look at more security-focused use of testnet
  - Are we still looking at testnet at a Hyperledger-level?
  - - Dave Huseby is pulling together thoughts and a proposal for 2019 budget planning
    - ADD for TSC call next week
- October 25th:  Hyperledger Iroha [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/iroha-2018-oct)

Quarterly WG updates

- No updates this week
- October 25th:  Technical WG China [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/technical-wg-china-2018-oct) and Training and Education WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/training-and-education-wg-2018-oct)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433976/21457618.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433976/21448757.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
