1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 08 23 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 23, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Nathan George

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))
- Q1 2019 -- tentative Hong Kong or Singapore [https://doodle.com/poll/fibt39eh2sbfirey](https://doodle.com/poll/fibt39eh2sbfirey)
- [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Annual TSC Election-

- 2018-2019 TSC (in alphabetical order), effective today:
- - Arnaud Le Hors
  - Baohua Yang
  - Binh Nguyen
  - Christopher Ferris
  - Dan Middleton
  - Hart Montgomery
  - Kelly Olson
  - Mark Wagner
  - Mic Bowman
  - Nathan George
  - Silas Davis

<!--THE END-->

- Chair nominations begin directly following the TSC call per [timing &amp; process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18YE2l4UZJry7LAcXCMnGQdQuCKuT5mfQS5IRetTeevI/edit)

Quarterly project updates

- \[3 weeks overdue] Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-aug)
- Silas Davis provided the Hyperledger Burrow [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/burrow-2018-aug)
- - Can you clarify the point about chain stability?  Can you edit history?
  - - We want to have an actually stable chain to run a long time; next best thing is to be able to stop chain (by agreement with rest of network quorum), look at issue that happened, and re-run state.  It is not recommended in principle, but, if there is a code issue, it is the next best thing from just throwing away the history
  - Can you elaborate about the usefulness of common infrastructure?
  - - CNCF has shared infra, for example.  The advantage would be in reducing the amount of stuff we have to operate, and increasing visibility of where projects are in testing.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-aug)

Quarterly WG updates

- TWGC Chair discussion
- - Baohua noted that the WG was created with 3 co-Chairs (two of which are not longer actively involved)
  - The WG called for nominations and ran an election, resulting in support for Zhenhua Zhao and Jiannan (Jay) Guo to join Baohua as co-Chairs
  - VOTE:  unanimously approved by TSC
- September 6th:  Architecture WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2018-sep)

\[pending] Copyright discussion -- with Hyperledger Legal Committee

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433865/21457612.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433865/21448750.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
