1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 05 24 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

May 24, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))
- October 3-4 | Montreal (registration coming soon)

**Quarterly project updates**

- Silas provided the Hyperledger Burrow [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/burrow-2018-may)
- - A comment was made that In terms of the need to be able to charge for gas (for rate limiting), there is a similar requirement with Burrow EVM plugin for Fabric.
  - A comment was made that as for escrow or interoperability with other chains, the Fabric and Sawtooth teams are also interested in this topic.
  - A question was raised regarding the work being done by tendermint -- is it to make it a fully public permissionless network?  Or, to still have permissions on who can send transactions, as well as rate limiting?
  - - Remain permissioned; but, will also be public.  For validators -- find a way to distribute validator tokens such that it will be invite only.  For participants, not restricting -- but, no one is able to create contracts (have contract-level permissioning).  If you want to formulate an agreement, that would be open. May need to start limiting transactions coming in -- remains to be seen.
  - A question was raised as to how Burrow is being positioned -- recent announcement of EEA spec, were you involved in that?  Is that a goal to be compliant with that spec?
  - - Not against looking at it, but have not yet.  Arguing for an effort to unbundle intermanageable pieces.  Will take a look.
  - A question was raised regarding the mention that maybe Burrow becomes a Hyperledger application for Tendermint?
  - - It is an area that we are doing a lot of work for our use case; how much of this belongs in Burrow, or as an extension.  Tendermint has a forceful interface where it owns P2P; that has been an issue for Sawtooth or Fabric who want more control over consensus network.  Particularly with stuff in SDK, obeying ABCI interface allows you to play with broader Tendermint network. They have SDK and basecoin app, which is focused on decentralized currency exchange.  We are building a lot of stuff; if you want to build a public or semi-public zone to connect to Cosmos.  Open questions as to whether it belongs in Burrow?  How are projects evolution guided? How would it link to other projects?  Could it end up being a library? We are a tendermint app in that we implement ABCI interface,  and have other stuff for building with permissions, gas, fee, incentives….
- Haitao provided the Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-may)
- - There were no questions or concerns raised.
- June 7th:  Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-jun)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Kelly Cooper provided Training and Education WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/training-and-education-wg-2018-may)
- - A lot of interest, but lack of expertise needed to drive forward..
  - A suggestion was made that rather than sourcing new material, it could make sense to work with the various projects to help them understand where there is a need to improve, whether documentation, inventory of samples, etc.  This WG could help facilitate this type of interaction.
  - Kelly took the action to start an email [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/training-and-education-wg/topic/contributing_to/20010848?p=%2C%2C%2C20%2C0%2C0%2C0%3A%3Arecentpostdate%2Fsticky%2C%2C%2C20%2C2%2C0%2C20010848) on this topic.
- June 7th:  Architecture WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2018-jun)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433705/21457603.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433705/21448738.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
