1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 02 15 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

February 15, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Cancelling February 22nd TSC meeting (conflicts with LA Hackfest)**

**2018 Hackfest Planning**

- February 20-22 | Los Angeles ([registration](http://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestfebruary2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14yNuJsFEWnVsAclKb1QjPluRKgz3rIpaApRSppJj6to/edit))
- - Need leads from **Burrow, Iroha, and Quilt** to sign up for the overviews and help with setting up dev environments on February 20th.
  - Please add topics to the draft agenda (above)
- April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon)
- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))

**2018 Hyperledger Internship Program**

- **\[REMINDER | 2/23 deadline]** Internship Program call for Mentors [here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netinternship/for_mentors)

**Quarterly WG updates (starting soon)**

**Project reporting**

- Simon Stone provided an Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-feb)
- - Any plans to support any other DLT besides Fabric?
  - - It is open and portable to other DLTs -- if they support JavaScript.
  - JavaScript compatibility -- mentioned async wait… are you worried about any stopping problem there?  Are you thinking of having any ways to limit negative interactions (either malicious code or bugs).
  - - Yes, interested in it -- with previous JS runtime, we were limited in what we could do as it was a non-standard JS platform, no way to plug in additional functionality.  With Node.js there are built-in capabilities or external 3rd party modules that allow you to do things like introduce time limits for transaction execution.
  - What is experience with Github issues or are you using Jira?
  - - Prefer Github issues due to having code/issues in one place.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Indy [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/indy-2018-feb)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433540/21457593.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433540/21448723.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
