1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 01 04 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

January 4, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**FYI -- releasing the Hyperledger Fabric 1.0 Security Audit report has been approved**

**2018 Hackfest planning \[reminder** [**thread**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2017-December/001277.html)**]**

- \[not yet confirmed] Tentatively planning on  February 20-22 in Los Angeles (including a Day 0 to help new folks come up the learning curve).  Hope to have confirmed by next week.
- April - Tel Aviv, Dubai, Japan? \[TBD]
- If you have potential venue space, please reach out to [tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) or indicate interest [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc8zLYo07XlJSzz_kYcki6eJl8E7m4i3xpZwHfOS8U3jUwEzw/viewform).

**Project Reporting**

- Silas provided a Hyperledger Burrow [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/burrow-2017-dec)
- Next week:  Hyperledger Fabric update and Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2017-dec)

**Hyperledger Labs**

- - Full discussion in [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1IQcDAG200zeP1vrvmQ2gYTzgkj3APUw1) and updated in [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VbgmlIqDnUnvjxSJ5QTUBV-Qn3eA7Gduw0edjYgDXIY/edit?usp=sharing)

<!--THE END-->

- **Key discussion points**

<!--THE END-->

- Suggest differentiating on the word “maintainer” by renaming as Lab Steward (to oversee the Labs umbrella) and Lab Project Maintainer (for the individual Lab projects)

<!--THE END-->

- - Suggest having better objective criteria around the governance of adding/deprecating projects
  - Suggest having the idea of a Labs sponsor/mentor from existing TSC members or project maintainers -- need to flesh out the concept
  - Suggestion around engagement aspect -- does access to Labs need to be restricted to committers of an existing project
  - Question as to whether there should be an agreement as part of the Lab project creation request.
  - - Suggestion for something more casual -- following the ideas/guidelines that are part of the Labs overview and lifecycle.
  - Selection of initial Stewards -- include in the proposal that comes back to TSC for vote
  - ACTION:  please review and add further comments in the Labs proposal with the goal of bringing this back for TSC vote on January 11th.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433461/21457588.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433461/21448717.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
