1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 04 12 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

April 12, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Hackfest Planning**

- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))
- October 3-4 | Montreal (registration coming soon)

**Finalize template to standardize and launch WGs**

- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16GJw2cxXf_Sw1DFbsInkgQ1jy_eXxteUgKdge09jw-k/edit)
- VOTE:  unanimously approved

**Hyperledger Composer** [**request**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2018-March/001436.html) **to go 1.0**

- Continued discussion around Composer going 1.0 prior to active status (and whether 1.0 should focus on quality of code and project status should focus on maturity of community -- or, if overlap exists between the two).
- Suggestion to defer 1.0 vote until May once license scanning and security audit are underway, which will give time for the technical community to focus on bringing more developers into the Composer community to support other frameworks, which would help get it to active status.
- There were no objections to starting license scans and security audits for projects that are \_approaching_ a 1.0 (prior to formal approval of 1.0 status).

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Mark Wagner provided the Performance and Scale WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/pswg-2018-apr)
- - Brian noted that from time-to-time LF Projects get offers for test infra, would benefit us to have some community process of how to apportion test resources.
  - A question was raised regarding the timeframe for when doc worth publishing?
  - - Hoping for within next two months, ideally
- Next week:  Whitepaper WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/whitepaper-wg-2018-apr)

**Quarterly project updates**

- Dan Middleton provided the Hyperledger Sawtooth [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2018-apr)
- - A question was raised regarding PoET and specialized hardware.
  - - Dan noted that many people have opted to use simulator version, wanted to make sure that there wasn’t a vendor dependency.
    - Have people started porting to different hardware?  No, not yet.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Iroha [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/iroha-2018-apr)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433649/21457600.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433649/21448733.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
