1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 03 22 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 22, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Reminders**

- Hackfest | June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))
- Hyperledger [Internship Program](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netinternship/program_overview) -- deadline for students to apply is March 23rd

**Quarterly project updates**

- Vinita provided the Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-mar)
- How does it interact with Identity?  Any restriction on who can see what?
- - Not that far yet; this is the first basic peek into the ledger and to see what’s on there, but that will be coming up in future sprints.
- Which version of Fabric?
- - 1.0.  1.1 will be soon.
- Any plans to make a Docker image?
- - Yes.  We will make it easier to provide Docker image for people to get up and running quickly (slated for second quarter)
- Plans for other Hyperledger infrastructure projects?
- - Discussion ensued regarding where the responsibilities lay for outreach between other frameworks and tools.
  - Encouragement for cross-project collab sooner than later, but people need to step up to bring code.
  - Needs future discussion.

<!--THE END-->

- Next week:  Hyperledger Quilt [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-mar)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Clive provided the Requirements WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/requirements-wg-2018-mar)
- Given the challenges that the Requirements WG has had with producing requirements, a suggestion was made to consider closing the Requirements WG as a formal WG, and instead transitioning discussion into a discussion group.
- Discussion ensued leading to the outcome of support for this suggestion.
- VOTE:  Disband and deprecate the Requirements WG -- unanimous.
- March 29th:  Identity WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/identity-wg-2018-mar)

**Additional topics for next week:**

- Finalize discussion regarding 1.0 before leaving incubation ([verbiage](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/project-lifecycle?&#draft_first_major_release))
- Template to standardize and launch WGs
- - [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16GJw2cxXf_Sw1DFbsInkgQ1jy_eXxteUgKdge09jw-k/edit) |  email [thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2018-March/001423.html)
- Turn Hyperledger Fabric bug bounty public?

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433599/21457597.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433599/21448728.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
