1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 04 05 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

April 5, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**FYI -- will be migrating mailman lists to** [**groups.io**](http://groups.io/) **for improved functionality**

- Tentatively planned to occur during week of April 16th
- - Suggestion to rename STL list to Sawtooth
  - Suggestion to remove Hyperledger prefix

**Hackfest Planning**

- Hackfest | June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))
- Agreement to move forward with a Hackfest on October 3-4 in Montreal (right after Hyperledger Member Summit, October 1-2).

**Turn Hyperledger Fabric bug bounty public?**

- Dave Huseby gave an overview of the private bug bounty being run through HackerOne for Hyperledger Fabric, and noted that it has been getting limited reach inside HackerOne -- looking to make the bug bounty public.
- - VOTE:  Unanimous.

**Template to standardize and launch WGs** [**proposal**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16GJw2cxXf_Sw1DFbsInkgQ1jy_eXxteUgKdge09jw-k/edit)

- Agreement for TSC to appoint WG Chair as part of proposal review
- Suggestion to add some verbiage in “work products” section to ensure forward momentum
- Suggestion to change the 24 hour rule for cancelling meetings to a stated intent, not a firm requirement
- ACTION:  Tracy/Brian to update draft and bring back for vote in TSC next week

**Hyperledger Composer** [**request**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2018-March/001436.html) **to go 1.0**

- Don Thibeau provided an overview of the request for Hyperledger Composer go to 1.0, and noted an additional desire to move from incubation to active status.
- Discussion
- - Remaining license issues that need to be resolved prior to Hyperledger Composer going 1.0, which will need to be worked through the Legal Committee and Governing Board -- further discussion to happen first via email.
  - Hyperledger Composer has not yet received Nettitude security scan -- likely to begin early May.
  - Need better understand from Maintainers around what “feature complete” means in relationship to the flexibility/inflexibility of the architecture beyond that point -- and, 1.0 now vs. after reaching active status or some other level of feature completeness.

**Quarterly project updates**

- Chris Ferris provided the Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-apr)
- Next week:  Hyperledger Sawtooth [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2018-apr)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Next week:  Performance and Scale WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/pswg-2018-apr)
- April 19th:  Whitepaper WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/whitepaper-wg-2018-apr)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20180405-140517\_Hyperledge.txt](attachments/21433633/21448730.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433633/21457395.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433633/21457599.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433633/21448731.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433633/21448732.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
