1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 07 12 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

July 12, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)via GoToMeeting

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Reminders

- LAST CALL:  CFP for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/) will close this Friday, July 13, 2018 -- [submit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/program/cfp/) now
- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))
- Annual TSC Election [timing &amp; process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18YE2l4UZJry7LAcXCMnGQdQuCKuT5mfQS5IRetTeevI/edit) (nominations begin August 9th)

Quarterly project updates

- Chris Ferris provided the Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-jul)
- - Discussion ensued regarding Confluence/wiki -- need further investigation on broader impact to both projects and community, general hunger for a migration, and costs.  Moving discussion to mailing list and chat.
  - Question -- Going to prioritize aspects of CouchDB which relate to scalability?
  - - Let’s take this offline and explore -- move to #fabric channel or list.
- July 19th:  Hyperledger Sawtooth [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2018-jul) and Hyperledger Quilt [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-jun) \[overdue]

Quarterly WG update

- No updates this week
- July 19th: Whitepaper WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/whitepaper-wg-2018-jul) and Healthcare WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/healthcare-wg-2018-jul)

IBANP

- Need someone on the July 19th call to talk through [proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1542) and also get it into the correct proposal [template](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/proposal-template-for-a-hyperledger-improvement-project-hip).

\[pending] Copyright discussion (no action during this meeting)

- Tracy tol bump this topic back up now that folks are back from heavy travel

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433784/21457607.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433784/21448744.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
