1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 06 21 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

No recording exists. 

June 21, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**\*\*Cancelling 6/28 TSC meeting due to Amsterdam Hackfest**

**REMINDER:** CFP for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/) will close July 13, 2018 -- [submit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/program/cfp/) now

**Hackfest Planning**

- June 27-29 | Amsterdam -- if you proposed a topic in the [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit#heading=h.jzptyixi9wpd), please move it into the actual schedule [grid](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit#heading=h.5zu02wb18y1b).
- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))

**Quarterly project updates**

- **\[need someone to provide overview on July 5th call]** Hyperledger Quilt [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-jun)
- **\[need ASAP]** Hyperledger Caliper [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-jun)
- July 12th:  Hyperledger Fabric [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2018-jul)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- July 5th:  Performance and Scale WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/pswg-2018-jun)
- July 12th:  Whitepaper WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/whitepaper-wg-2018-jul)

**\[pending]** Copyright discussion (no action during this meeting)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
