1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 03 15 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 15, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**2018 Hackfest Planning**

- Try to hold a Hackfest prior to the June Hackfest in Amsterdam?
- - No.  Keep Amsterdam as the next quarterly Hackfest.
- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))

**Hyperledger Internship Program**

- Reminder that the Hyperledger Internship Program is now accepting applications (please help promote) -- deadline for students to apply is March 23rd
- - Blog [here](https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2018/03/07/the-return-of-the-hyperledger-summer-internship-program)
  - Click to tweet: [https://ctt.ec/b69P1](https://ctt.ec/b69P1)

**Quarterly project updates**

- Tong Li provided the Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-mar)
- Question -- how do we encourage devs to be more active in the project?
- - If users have more interest in Fabric they will probably come to the Cello channel more often.  When there are more features to be added, people will come.
  - Improve quality of documentation to help new beginners.  In local meetups, we invite the active devs to be speakers and to give tutorials.
  - For tools, largely a function of people that are using it and have an itch to scratch.  The more people start adopting and using these things, then they start finding things they want to improve/fix.
- Question -- is there a way to widen audience since the original objective for Cello was to expand beyond Fabric and provide capabilities for other infrastructure projects?
- - Baohua -- Cello is open to all frameworks, Jira issues have been created for Sawtooth and Iroha, but we don’t have the resources for it.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Explorer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-mar)

Quarterly WG updates

- Next week:  Requirements WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/requirements-wg-2018-mar)
- March 29th:  Identity WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/identity-wg-2018-mar)

HIP Caliper

- Mark noted that there were no objections from PSWG to bring HIP Caliper back to TSC for review/approval
- Stephen McNamara provided an overview of the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cwScsNgYUj72vP2fqZ6vihYiuQcy45Ml2C_yLRI7EoQ/edit?usp=sharing)
- A question was raised regarding the engagement between PSWG and Caliper to date
- - When Caliper was first proposed, the PSWG had just launched.  Originally wanted to get to common verbiage/metrics first within PSWG, then have Caliper evolve from there.  After a lot of cooperation, it seems that it would be more efficient for Caliper to evolve alongside the development of these metrics definitions.  In order to check to make sure that useful metrics are being created, we have Caliper see if it is feasible to be implemented. At this point, makes sense for Caliper and PSWG to evolve in tandem.
- VOTE:  unanimously approved.

**Finalize discussion regarding 1.0 before leaving incubation**

- Several options
- - 1.0 allowed while in incubation
  - 1.0 only allowed for projects in active status
  - 1.0 for incubation projects by TSC approval only
- Discussion ensued leading to the rough consensus that for a project to go 1.0, TSC approval is needed regardless of status.
- For projects already in 1.0 at this point, they need to seek approval for their first “production” release (wherein “production” is the release where they get the major marketing push from Hyperledger).
- ACTION:  Chris Ferris to update documents and bring to TSC vote next week.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433583/21457596.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433583/21448727.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
