1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 08 09 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

August 9, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))
- Q1 2019 -- planning for APAC (likely Hong Kong or Singapore)
- - A suggestion made to also consider Australia (which would bring efforts to southern hemisphere for the first time)

Annual TSC Election

- Nomination phase begins directly following the TSC call
- Reminder - [timing &amp; process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18YE2l4UZJry7LAcXCMnGQdQuCKuT5mfQS5IRetTeevI/edit)

Devcon4 Discussion

- Brian noted that Hyperledger staff is considering sponsoring Devcon 4 in Prague to continue to build relationships with that Community for things like Hyperledger Burrow, Seth, etc.  Brian commented that these sponsorships are most meaningful when speakers/devs with technical content are also there to engage.
- A few people on TSC call indicated that they plan to attend or to submit talks.
- Brian to follow up to TSC list for further discussion, but noted that in general terms it seems positive to move forward with Devcon 4 in one form or another (and consider also side events or meetups.

Quarterly project updates

- \[NEED ASAP] Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-aug)
- Next week:  Hyperledger Indy [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/indy-2018-aug)

Quarterly WG updates

- Kelly Cooper provided the Training and Education WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/training-and-education-wg-2018-aug)
- - Kelly noted that at the end of the edX course, participants are encouraged to join a WG and that Training and Education attracts people (but then they realize it is to develop training and education materials, not to train and educate them further).  Need to harness the energy of these new folks and pair them up with technical experts to drive creation of new materials.
  - Suggestion that if there are FAQs/themes that surface in this WG regarding projects that it gets communicated back to the projects directly that there are certain areas that are not understood well.
- Next week:  Public Sector WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/public-sector-wg-2018-aug)

\[pending] Copyright discussion (no action during this meeting)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433836/21457610.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433836/21448748.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
