1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 12 06 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

December 6, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)
- [Linux Foundation IT Limited support](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1854) Dec 17, 2018 - Jan 2, 2019, inclusive
- Provide input on [Community Survey](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1860)
- Upcoming meetings canceled: December 13th (HGF), December 20th (holiday), December 27th (holiday), and January 3rd (holiday). Next meeting on January 10th.
- - Concern over the number of updates that exist on the 10th. Therefore, we will move the Fabric update to the 17th.

Supply Chain [proposal update](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b6ES0bKUK30E2iZizy3vjVEhPn7IvsW5buDo7nFXBE0/edit)

- The last review focused on three aspects:
- - Charter - the governing board is weighing in on this
  - Specificity - proposal has been updated based on feedback from the community
  - Cross-platform adoption
- Develop behind Web Assembly for future cross-platform adoption
- Create Libraries, Data models, and SDKs to advance the development of supply chain applications
- Context updated to move scope and solution details out of this section into the right sections
- In the Solution section, the diagram shows the main deliverables
- BB: We need a different name for this proposal. Abstract/goofy names is a powerful thing. Before this is approved, we need to come up with a name for this. Name proposed is Hyperledger Grid.
- CF: Could the marketing committee help with name search and trademark?
- CF: Still struggling with how this is a generic thing. Is this technology that could be consumed other by Sawtooth. A couple platforms are interested in adopting Web Assembly.
- CF: We still have work to do to figure out what the APIs will look like.
- KO: This is shooting to where the hockey puck is going. Web Assembly is where the public space is going.
- CF: Codify the standards in software.
- NG: Incubating projects are intended to work this out.
- MB: There is a shape of the API and incubation will allow for hardening of the API.
- MB and SD: Specificity and context is much clearer now.
- SD: Dependencies currently list Sabre. Does that imply that this is also dependent on Sawtooth then? Need ABI layer on WASM. Uncouple this from Sabre and Sawtooth. By making it a separate project, we can ensure that this bias doesn't exist. We also want Sabre to grow beyond just Sawtooth.
- SD: If in Burrow, I did not want to support Sabre and instead add a WASM interpreter, what would the gap be to support these APIs? Sabre does get/set state and the application API will support the get/set state. A lot of the direction of the project depends on who we can get involved.
- HM: This is in between Composer and Indy in Scope. The updates to the proposal cleared this up.
- NG: Can we take a vote on this yet?
- MW: Is the architecture designed to provide a layer for other platform support? The intent is that code goes through a WASM interpreter, which would allow others to pick that up. How hard is it to make a shim for Sabre for other platforms. Three operations: get, set, and registration API would need to be implemented.
- Vote with the caveat on naming going through the marketing committee - CF abstained, AL not present, all other TSC members approved.

Quarterly project updates

- January 10th: [Hyperledger Composer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-nov) deferred due to lack of update (original due date October 29th)
- January 10th: [Hyperledger Explorer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/explorer-2018-dec) deferred due to lack of update (original due date December 3rd)
- January 10th: [Hyperledger Quilt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-dec) deferred due to the canceled meeting on December 13th
- January 10th: [Hyperledger Caliper](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-dec) deferred due to the canceled meeting on December 20th
- January 10th: [Hyperledger Fabric](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2019-jan)

Quarterly WG updates

- January 10th: [Architecture WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/architecture-wg-2019-jan)

Technical WG India [proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1876)

- Meetup groups in India were looking for help in connecting with others.
- The Indian developer community is looking to have a better connection to the rest of the community.
- India has one of the largest developer community
- The intent is to nuture, encourage, and train folks in India for getting involved in Hyperledger.
- Amol Kulkarni has signed up to chair the TWGI
- There is a tremendous amount of curiosity and enthusiasm for blockchain technologies. Have people who want to contribute, but don't know how to.
- Helping out with collaboration, technical exchanges, and tutorials. Act as a bridge. Provide mentorship.
- NG: Maintainers of Indy would like to participate. We would like to have them.
- BB: Regional WG is not intended to be a VPN into the larger community. We expect them to be involved in the community and to provide a local assist. Because time zone prevents people from participating, it might be worthwhile to have a volunteer who can feedback to the community in India.
- VB: Gender diversity is lacking in this working group. What can we do to drive more participation?
- SB: How do we integrate with the Community Architect team? What are the boundaries between these regional WGs and the Hyperledger staff? There is significant overlap. Promote the programs and events that are part of Hyperledger's global community. Using local communication tools, news is shared about what is happening. Work with the APAC team on how we bring this group in closer communication with The Linux Foundation and Hyperledger staff.
- BY: States his support for this group and desire to help.
- AK: Call for additional participants that have knowledge of the different projects.

Hyperledger Labs [update](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1879)

- Deferred to mailing list conversation

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434052/21457622.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434052/21448764.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
