1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 11 01 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

November 1, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netcommunity/calendar-public-meetings)

Event Reminders

- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Quarterly project updates

- November 8th:  Hyperledger Composer [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-nov)
- November 8th:  Hyperledger Indy [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-nov)

Quarterly WG updates

- Training and Education WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/training-and-education-wg-2018-oct)
- - Time change back to 10:00 AM US/Pacific
  - Attendees come for training and education rather than creating materials
  - Proposed name change to Learning Materials Development WG
  - The website doesn't provide enough detail about what working groups really are and could provide information about what the working groups really do - this is an endemic issue
  - ⅓ of group is developing content, the ⅔ expectations are not met because they want more training
  - Name change has been unanimously approved by TSC
  - Kelly is stepping down as WG chair, starting new Smart Contracts subgroup
  - ~10 regular contributors, ~200 on mailing list
  - Concern about overlap with Architecture WG
  - Has reached out to all projects for support - only Fabric and Iroha have responded

Crypto-lib

- [Proposal](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1779)
- - Changes were accepted
  - Vote to accept has been unanimously approved by TSC
  - Hart will work to clear the name with legal, marketing prior to the creation of repos, mailing lists, chat channels, etc.

Testnet discussion/proposal

- No agreement yet on what a testnet is or how we use it

November 8: Supply Chain proposal

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434007/21457620.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434007/21448760.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
