1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 06 14 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

June 14, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**REMINDER:** CFP for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/) will close July 13, 2018 -- [submit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/program/cfp/) now

**Hackfest Planning**

- June 27-29 | Amsterdam
- - If you proposed a topic in the [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit), please move it into the actual schedule grid that was just created.
  - Projects to send “getting started guide” info by EOD Friday (6/15) to be distro'ed to Hackfest participants on Monday (6/18).
- \*Registration now open* -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy))

**Quarterly project updates**

- There was no update from Hyperledger Quilt -- this is needed ASAP.
- Next week:  Hyperledger Quilt [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-jun) and Hyperledger Caliper [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-jun)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- Vipin provided the Hyperledger Identity WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/identity-wg-2018-jun)
- - Request for more experts from the Hyperledger DLT projects to show up and participate/contribute
  - Recommendation to look at how Architecture WG breaks things into more manageable pieces.
  - In reference to standards, comment that the WG is not setting standards, but has an ability to influence standard setting.
- Next week:  Performance and Scale WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/pswg-2018-jun)

**\[pending]** Copyright discussion (no action during this meeting)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433737/21457605.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433737/21448741.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
