1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 03 08 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

March 8, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**2018 Hackfest Planning**

- Dubai - go/no-go?
- - Agreement to not hold the event in April.
- Try to hold a Hackfest in Asia prior to the June Hackfest in Amsterdam?
- - Needs further discussion.
  - A suggestion was made to also consider a 1-day Hackfest after Consensus in NY.
- Hackfest format discussion
- - Some in favor of having a roadshow to get regional folks up the learning curve vs. and entirely separate event focused on cross-project collaboration and hacking (some in favor of keeping them piggy-backed -- more time at fewer, longer events... less time traveling to many shorter events)
  - Agreement that much more agenda structure and objectives planning needs to be completed in advance of the actual Hackfest, not in unconference format on the first morning.
- June 27-29 | Amsterdam ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestjune2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hDlWTKSBmXM6UQW5s9qRjFwO_eZv0LU8nppHqMwoIxM/edit))

**Hyperledger Internship Program**

- - Now accepting applications (please help promote)
  - Deadline for students to apply is March 23rd
  - - Blog [here](https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2018/03/07/the-return-of-the-hyperledger-summer-internship-program)
    - Click to tweet: [https://ctt.ec/b69P1](https://ctt.ec/b69P1)

**Quarterly WG updates**

- None this week
- Next week:  Requirements WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/requirements-wg-2018-mar)

**Quarterly project updates**

- Silas provided the Hyperledger Burrow [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/burrow-2018-mar)
- Next week:  Hyperledger Cello [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-mar)

**1.0 before leaving incubation**

- [Thread](https://lists.hyperledger.org/pipermail/hyperledger-tsc/2018-March/001408.html)
- No current policy in place that Active status is required before a 1.0 release -- but, should this be added?
- Concern that some of the smaller projects with smaller communities would be disadvantaged by requiring active status, even if they have a mature code base.
- Comment that if code maturity is not required to exit incubation, then why is project maturity a requirement for 1.0 (they seem to be independent).
- Concern that if an incubation project goes 1.0, it does send a signal to users that it will continue to exist, even if maintainers leave (so, maturity of the project community, process, etc. is important)
- Comment that 1.0 triggers a lot of work from Marketing, security audit &amp; license scanning, etc. and also gives some level of endorsement from Hyperledger (community maturity and active status is more desired)
- Continue discussion via mailing list and rocket.chat -- will finalize in TSC call next week

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433568/21457595.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433568/21448726.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
