1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 09 20 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

September 20, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via Zoom

TSC Members

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Yes

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mark Wagner

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

Silas Davis

Yes

Resources:

- Rocket.Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) (you can use your LFID to login)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org/)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

Suggest canceling 10/4 TSC call due to Hackfest

- No objections.

Event Reminders

- Next Hackfest -- October 3-4 | Montreal ([registration](https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestoctober2018copy) / [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pYhoy5CxgSyXclIsQs-W8yaIcndjfD-qPWvJmpAehP0/edit))
- APAC Hackfest -- week of March 4th (details coming soon)
- Schedule [announced](https://www.hyperledger.org/announcements/2018/08/29/hyperledger-announces-global-forum-schedule-keynotes) for [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/), December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)

Hackfest Agenda Planning

- Discussion to add topics to [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pYhoy5CxgSyXclIsQs-W8yaIcndjfD-qPWvJmpAehP0/edit) to prepare for upcoming Hackfest

Hyperledger Community Health WG discussion (continued)

- Task force could potentially take problem statements from Community and then provide recommendations for the larger Community on how best to solve (i.e. GEO diversity)
- Suggestion for a group of people to determine the types of metrics that would provide useful data (metrics just for the sake of metrics are not useful).
- What is difference between WG and task force
- - Feedback on original concept was that if we include non-technical topics, we are stretching the original premise of a WG.  But, there isn’t a definition of task force vs. WG.
  - Other WGs are focused on external deliverables, whereas this is focused more on internal health.
  - Brian noted that this is an evergreen topic, we know this needs to keep coming up; so, would lean towards WG.
- Move discussion to mailing list re: structure of task force vs. WG.

Quarterly project update

- Adrian provided the Hyperledger Quilt [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-sep)
- - Are things getting better in terms of Committers that we pulled to other priorities?
  - - Yes, but still struggle a bit with resources and would love to see other projects getting involved.
  - Scope?
  - - Produce implementations of protocol stack for interledger protocol
    - People able to write an application that uses the protocol
  - Where are you with standardization effort of protocol?
  - - Cleaning up the RFCs and documentation
    - Documented what they believe standards should be
    - Have not yet standardized within standardization bodies
- Next week:  Hyperledger Caliper [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/caliper-2018-sep)

Quarterly W updates

- Mark provided the PSWG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/pswg-2018-sep) and [Metrics Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vSwDsh0T9s_8-n870cof9SrpxFTgiZN0Ka9wkqsz1Dk/edit?usp=sharing)
- - Interesting problem of bringing things together into a single representation and an opportunity to characterize distinctiveness.
  - Suggestion made to standardize on a taxonomy.
  - Relationship between PSWG and Caliper?  No formal relationship at the moment, but some info from Caliper is helping shape PSWG discussions.
  - VOTE on draft 1.0 of [Metrics Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vSwDsh0T9s_8-n870cof9SrpxFTgiZN0Ka9wkqsz1Dk/edit?usp=sharing) (amendments can come in 1.1 and beyond):  Unanimously approved.
- October 11th:  Healthcare WG [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/wg-updates/whitepaper-wg-2018-oct)

Bug Bounty discussion

- Move discussion to mail thread.

Social Impact WG [discussion](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1668)

- Please review this proposal, as well as more broadly the format and governance of non-technical WGs.

\[pending] Copyright discussion -- with Hyperledger Legal Committee

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433930/21457616.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433930/21448754.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
