1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2018](2018_21448716.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2018 01 18 TSC Meeting

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Sean Bohan on Jul 31, 2023

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

[dummyfile.txt](#)

January 18, 2018 (7:00am - 8:00am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

Arnaud Le Hors

Yes

Baohua Yang

Yes

Binh Nguyen

Christopher Ferris

Yes

Dan Middleton

Yes

Greg Haskins

Hart Montgomery

Yes

Jonathan Levi

Yes

Kelly Olson

Yes

Mic Bowman

Yes

Nathan George

Yes

**Resources:**

- Rocket.Chat:  chat.hyperledger.org (you can use your LFID to login)  Hyperledger now uses Discord for chat: [https://discord.gg/hyperledger](https://discord.gg/hyperledger)
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at [https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](http://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings)

**Please use #tsc channel on** [**chat.hyperledger.org**](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) **for live chat during TSC call**

**2018 Hackfest planning**

- February 20-22 | Los Angeles ([registration](http://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestfebruary2018) | [draft agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14yNuJsFEWnVsAclKb1QjPluRKgz3rIpaApRSppJj6to/edit))
- - Discussion for the “Day 0” training
  - Prefer to have short intro/overview for each of the 9 projects
  - Then, afternoon focused on setting up dev environment, writing applications, first commit, etc. (have some parallel tracks or informal areas to focus on a topic of interest)
  - Tracy to rework “Day 0” agenda and reach out to project maintainers to volunteer
- April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon)
- June 27-29 | Amsterdam (confirmed -- more details soon)

**Project Reporting**

- None this week
- Next week will be Hyperledger Sawtooth [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2018-jan) and Hyperledger Iroha [update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.netgroups/tsc/project-updates/iroha-2018-jan)

**Quarterly WG updates (discussion)**

- Similar to the quarterly project updates, suggestion to do quarterly updates from the WGs
- Tracy to put together suggestion for template/cadence for a WG quarterly reporting plan

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433488/21457590.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21433488/21448719.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
