1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 02 07 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

February 07, 2019 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

## TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250)![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

## Announcements

- Still looking for mentors for the summer internship program.
  
  - Intern applications will happen next month.
- Propose a new internship project [here](https://wiki2.hyperledger.org/pages/createpage-entervariables.action?templateId=3112994&spaceKey=INTERN&newSpaceKey=INTERN&fromPageId=2393865).
- Quilt architecture regroup process started yesterday.
  
  - Quilt meetings are on the calendar.
- Tracy Kuhrt is leaving us. Her last day is the 12th.
  
  - She's staying on as a Labs steward.
  - Lots of thanks Tracy!!

## Quarterly updates

### Fabric

- [2019 Q1 Hyperledger Fabric Update](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q1%20Hyperledger%20Fabric)
- First long-term support (LTS), version 1.4 was released in early January.
  
  - Coming soon: 1.41, fixes for the LTS.
  - Coming soon: 2.0, new features.
- Overall health:
  
  - Still very popular
  - Contributors numbers are stable
- Recent presentation at Univ. of Waterloo
  
  - Started with 3.5k tx/sec and with optimizations increased that to 20k tx/sec.
  - Open source works well. Despite all of the work so far, a researcher came in and drastically improved performance.
- One issue is that non-regular-contributors submit PRs but they are having difficulty getting them reviewed.
  
  - Maintainers and contributors have had discussions about it.
  - There's a RocketChat channel #fabric-pr-review is for asking for reviews.
  - Automating PR review nagging of maintainers.
  - Any PR's that don't get responses from the submitters will be archived.
  - Any PR's tied to a JIRA will not close JIRA ticket if PR gets archived.
- Brian suggests
  
  - In a move from 1.x to 2.x we are tolerant of backwards compatibility
  - Fabric should make some moves to interop more.
- Fabric project is looking forward to Ursa and to Burrow integration.
- Fabric and Burrow integration resulted in mutual bug discoveries and fixes.

### Indy

- [2019 Q1 Hyperledger Indy Update](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q1%20Hyperledger%20Indy)
- Lots of growth.
  
  - Two new use cases are live on Sovrin mainnet.
    
    - 2M credentials in production.
  - Agent side of codebase is growing most.
    
    - Lots of standards work around edge protocols and specifications.
- Sovrin Provo, UT Office is hosting agent connect-a-thon February 19-22.
  
  - Organizations from all over the world coming together to test agent-to-agent communications.
- Lots of stability changes in main ledger.
- Lots of changes in SDK.
  
  - Next release is 1.8.
  - Release of 2.0 will have new wallet features and will use Hyperledger Ursa.
    
    - Expected before next quarterly report.
    - The new design work for 2.0 is already underway.
- Indy is moving over to Hyperledger Ursa for crypto abstraction.
- Have not completed all of the CII badge requirements.
  
  - However all of the changes have been merged, but infrastructure issues are slowing things down.
- Project Health
  
  - One maintainer has shifted away, however new contributors and maintainers have joined to fill in.
  - Indy Catalyst has moved towards the main codebase.
  - Reaching out to Streetcred group to coordinate agent work with their .Net implementations.
- Proposing a new wallet codebase as new project that will lead to cross-ledger compatibility.
  
  - Project proposal is being drafted now.
  - Expected after release of Indy based on Ursa.
- Been moving build infrastructure out of Evernym.
  
  - Some trouble moving to Hyperledger infrastructure is difficult, especially with Android and iOS build support.
  - Hyperledger Ursa CI/CD fixes should help with Hyperledger Indy migration.
- Working with Sawtooth team to coordinate cooperation so that interop can increase.
- Questions:
  
  - What are the greatest challenges that the Indy team is facing that the HL staff could help fix?
    
    - The build infrastructure seems very focused on Fabric.
    - The Ursa build work is shifting that somewhat.
    - There are a lot of client build requirements which presents a challenge.
    - Thank you Tracy and Ry working with the Indy team getting them through issues.
    - Turn-around time is slow while working out mismatches in requirements.
  - Done a good job at bringing in outside contributors. How much time does the Indy team spend on recruiting additional contributors?
    
    - Is it worth it? Yes, spending time recruiting has yielded success.
    - The team has also experienced PRs from new contributors stalling, like Fabric.
    - Spending time on getting new contributors introduced and plugged in seems to help.
    - Nathan estimates that he spends about 20% of time recruiting.
    - Sovrin developers focus on building developers moreso than building code.
    - Maintainers spending 20-30% of time recruiting new contributors seems like the minimum. –Brian
  - Does Indy/Sovrin host a user-focused call around users of the platform?
    
    - Have had a call in the past.
    - It has shifted to be more offline recently.
    - Several companies in consulting ecosystem are doing consulting.
    - Working to resurrect user-facing support and educational materials and training opportunities in healthcare/financial/government verticals.
  - Is the user-facing coordination happening through Sovrin?
    
    - A lot of it is.
    - Hyperledger also serves as an important platform for doing the coordination.

## Items of discussion

- How we are going to handle quarterly updates going forward?
  
  - Offline discussion about having TSC members read the quarterly updates offline.
  - Should the TSC meetings just be for questions about the updates?
  - Having updates on confluence where they can be commented on is nice.
    
    - Flagging for discussion should be done on the confluence.
    - Can subscribe to the page to get notifications about edits.
  - Should we enforce reading of the updates with checkmarks/+1 on the reports.
    
    - Let's not assume that silence equals consent on the updates.
  - Apache Foundation reads updates ahead of time and each board member +1's the updates to accept them.
  - The idea is to be more efficient with everybody's time in the meetings.
  - Maybe limit the updates in the meeting to just notable details instead of a complete readout.
  - Conclusion: 
    
    - Checkboxes on the future updates so that TSC members can signal they have read and approve of the update.
    - Topics for further discussion to be marked with comments on the quarterly update page in confluence.
    - People will still give updates but limit it to just notable highlights.
- Working to get learning materials group rebooted.
  
  - Old chair has walked away for another job.
  - New chair is slowly taking over.
  - The TSC will have to approve the new chair.
  - How do we get the other projects to send representatives to working group to keep our materials up-to-date.
  - The new working group is trying to be more meta-level that keeps an eye on what's going on with all of the projects and curating best practices.
  - The wiki section for this group has be refreshed with the new direction.
- Hong Kong Bootcamp
  
  - Extremely popular, had to shut off registration.
  - Session proposals are coming in.
  - Indy is trying to create bootcamp materials that are reusable for future bootcamps.
- Contributors' Summit
  
  - Still trying to find locations and dates. Looking in Canada in September or October.
  - Questions:
    
    - Will the Contributors' Summit be linked up with the General Members' Summit?
      
      - No, not currently. We want to space them out so that we have three big events: Contributors' Summit, Members' Summit, and Global Forum.
    - When are other bootcamps are happening?
      
      - Denver, Canadian Government, Defcon in August/September
      - Hoping that India and Brazil bootcamps happen sooner.
      - There is concern that we have no technical events on the calendar until the fall.
      - Conclusion:
        
        - Taking it offline to see what can be done about having a sooner technical event.
        - Let's see if we can do a technical event in Japan adjacent to the Members' Summit.
- (Backlog) Fabric Desktop proposal
  
  - The proposal is going to be brought to the Fabric maintainers.
- (Backlog) The role of Labs Stewards Sponsors
  
  - The proposal for definition needs to be brought to the TSC mailing list.
  - It was originally sent to the TSC but the action item was to keep discussing it and bring it up at a later date.
  - What is expected exactly of sponsors? Potential sponsors were unsure what was expected of them.
  - Should they be technical people engaged with the project?
  - Conclusion:
    
    - A sponsors are an initial gating factor in proposal acceptance. They review the lab to make sure it meets the criteria and that its scope is right.
    - We need to record the role definition and approve it by TSC.
- (Backlog) Still waiting for submittal of Project from DPU interop Requestion
  
  - see ODPi TSC's request surrounding [Big Data, AI, and Blockchain](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1903)

## Upcoming items

- Hyperledger Composer from 29 October 2018
- Hyperledger Quilt from 10 January
- [Hyperledger Performance and Scalability WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/TSC+Working+Group+Updates) from 07 February

## Backlog

Empty. (Yay!)

## Recordings

- [audio\_only.m4a](#)
- [chat.txt](attachments/21431877/21448553.txt)
- [playback.m3u](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Screen Shot 2019-02-07 at 11.14.41 AM.png](attachments/21431877/21448551.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/21431877/21448548.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Screen Shot 2019-02-07 at 11.14.59 AM.png](attachments/21431877/21448550.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [inclusive.png](attachments/21431877/21448549.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431877/21457493.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/21431877/21448553.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431877/21448552.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
