1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_21447696.html)
4. [TSC Meeting Agendas](TSC-Meeting-Agendas_21448768.html)
5. [2019 TSC Agendas](2019-TSC-Agendas_21448769.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 07 25 TSC Agenda

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

## Discussion

[Project Lifecycle Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873309/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)

- Vote on resolutions:
  
  - [Issue 4: Under what circumstances can a project be moved back to Incubation? to a lab?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873420/Issue+4+Under+what+circumstances+can+a+project+be+moved+back+to+Incubation+to+a+lab)
  - [Issue 5: Should all projects be required to start as a lab prior to being proposed for Incubation?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873475/Issue+5+Should+all+projects+be+required+to+start+as+a+lab+prior+to+being+proposed+for+Incubation)
  - (Issue 7 drafting is complete but out for review to the Marketing Committee Chair)
- Discuss:
  
  - [Issue 8: How do we deal with a new project coming in that is already a shipping product for a company?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873550/Issue+8+How+do+we+deal+with+a+new+project+coming+in+that+is+already+a+shipping+product+for+a+company)

[CI/CD Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CICD/overview) - [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence)

- DRAFT: [CI/CD Task Force Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CICD/pages/19011172/CI+CD+Task+Force+Report)

Project Pipeline Direction

- Componentization v. Silos
- Convergence

## Quarterly reports

[2019 Q3 Identity WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19599734/2019+Q3+Identity+WG)

[2019 Q3 Fabric Report](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q3%20Hyperledger%20Fabric)

## Upcoming reports

[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar)

## Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- CI/CD report
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Project Pipeline Direction
- [Smart Contracts Diagram submitted by](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=21013596) [sterzi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ff2cf15692b790110faba1b?ref=confluence)
- Centralized decision record

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
