1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 08 29 TSC minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

1

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [TSC Election 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/TSC+Election+2019) is underway.
  
  - If you have contributed this year such as a commit or a working group product you should have received the email about voting.
- [Monthly Contributor / Marketing committee meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q4ltnytVSC8zshYUJH-mmiEt-ldJUniTmO6pl3Tnaiw/edit)
  
  - Designed to better coordinate marketing with developers.
- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia)
- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis
- DCI-WG starting community survey design

### Items of discussion

- [Composer](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/33056707#2615) 
  
  - The maintainers have requested that the project be moved to deprecated status.
  - There is the possibility that some fixes may be merged after the 6 month window.
  - The intent is that the developers will be fixing only emergency issues and will be winding down to end-of-life.
  - End-of-life is a separate voted on status.
  - **VOTE:** 0 opposed, 0 abstaining, unanimous vote in favor.
- [Gardener](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Gardener) Proposal
  
  - Some concern that Gardener and TCF have pieces for doing oracles and there is desire that they work together.
  - Potential to create a lab focused on collaboration.
- [Trusted Compute Framework (TCF)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16324764)
  
  - Implementation of EEA Trusted compute specification
    
    - Specifies secure enclaves (such as SGX), ZK proofs, and MPC to provided trusted compute options.
  - Drive adoption standards based implementations for trusted compute.
    
    - Off-chain Trusted Compute specification.
  - Came from the PDO lab, then forked by Intel to become TCF, and then gained iExec as a contributor which helped with Ethereum use case.
  - Offloads off-chain computation into trusted execution to extend smart contract capabilities.
  - Interface based approach so interop with Ursa should be straightforward.
  - TCF focuses on allocating trusted compute resources for executing smart contracts and getting the results back in a trustworthy way.
  - **VOTE:**

<!--THE END-->

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

<!--THE END-->

- Expansion vs Convergence
  
  - [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2613](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2613)
  - portions of [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/32801288#2502](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/32801288#2502)
  - [2019 08 22 TSC Minutes](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+08+22+TSC+Minutes)
  - Is it fine if HL has a feel more like Apache rather than Cloud Foundry?
    
    - This would allow for projects with overlapping solutions and/or different constituencies.
    - Apache markets the "Apache Way" rather than hand picking projects to make sure they don't overlap.
    - Individual projects would market themselves but the overall ASF does not police how the different projects are supposed to relate to each other.
  - We originally went down the road that is somewhere in between Cloud Foundry and Apache.
    
    - We are a bit of a broad tent but we are actively working on convergence as a process.
    - We are looking for projects to be somewhat unique but then also pulling out common pieces to drive convergence points.
  - Maybe we should acknowledge that projects won't go away if HL doesn't accept them.
    
    - They will still exist and compete with us for developers and community.
    - Having them in HL will give us an opportunity to drive friendly competition and convergence more efficiently than if they stayed outside of HL.
  - How much of this is a TSC decision vs. a board decision?
    
    - The board hasn't weighed in directly on convergence vs. expansion yet.
    - The board hasn't showed any negative opinions toward attempting both convergence and expansion at the same time.
- [Hyperledger Besu Proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Besu+Proposal)
  
  - Would HL be more successful with Besu or not?
    
    - Besu has enough support that it will live with or without us and we'd like to leverage our greater cooperation inside of HL to drive better interop and convergence.
  - **VOTE:**

<!--THE END-->

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

<!--THE END-->

- Working Group Committee update ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence))
  
  - Some proposals have been made about working groups.
  - At a minimum, the working groups need to be much more fine grained in their scope.
- This is the last meeting of the 2018-2019 TSC. The vote is underway. The next meeting with be the first meeting of the newly elected TSC.
  
  - Thank you to everybody for their time and commitment to Hyperledger.

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Aries](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Aries)
- Explorer
- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Transact](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Transact)

### Upcoming items

- Smart Contract WG

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Centralized decision record

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432220/21457391.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432220/21457516.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432220/21448602.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432220/21448601.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
