1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 11 07 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Dec 03, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Community Calendar Re-org (Huseby)
  
  - **STEP ZERO:** 
    
    - If you are a **maintainer of a project** or a **chairperson/vice-chairperson of a SIG/WG...**
    - Please email **[dhuseby@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:dhuseby@linuxfoundation.org) *ASAP***
      
      - **SUBJECT: &lt;Project/WG/SIG Name&gt; Mod me**
      - Please email me from the account you use for [lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org) OR include that email address in the body of the email.
  - **STEP ONE:**
    
    - Look at the existing [Hyperledger Community Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?mode=AGENDA&src=linuxfoundation.org_nf9u64g9k9rvd9f8vp4vur23b0%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=UTC) and note which events are for your project/SIG/WG.
    - **Create** calendar events in the correct calendar for your project/SIG/WG on [https://lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
      
      - How to schedule a meeting: [schedule\_a\_meeting.mp4](#)
      - How to delete a meeting: [delete\_a\_meeting.mp4](#)
  - **STEP TWO:**
    
    - Subscribe to the new community: [https://lists.hyperledger.org/ics/1902217/3131022486068381536/feed.ics](https://lists.hyperledger.org/ics/1902217/3131022486068381536/feed.ics)
    - **Verify** that your project/SIG/WG events are present in the community calendar
  - **STEP THREE:**
    
    - Please email [dhuseby@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:dhuseby@linuxfoundation.org)
      
      - **SUBJECT: &lt;Project/WG/SIG Name&gt; Calendar Migration Complete**
- [Hyperledger Contributor-Marketing Committee Meeting - Nov 13](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2731)

### Items of discussion

1. [Working Group Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873361/Working+Group+Task+Force) proposals:
   
   1. [Task-force formalization](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Task-force+formalization)
   2. [Task-force launch](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Task-force+launch)
   3. [Task-force reporting](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Task-force+reporting)
   4. [Task-force extension](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Task-force+extension)
      
      1. **Vote**: motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstain, unanimously approved.
   5. [WGs transition to TSIGs](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/WGs+transition+to+TSIGs)
   6. [WGs shall be dropped](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/WGs+shall+be+dropped)
      
      1. Arnaud suggested reworking this proposal to be communities that meet to talk with no timeline or implied work product.
      2. Arnaud stopped the discussion of reforming the proposal on the fly.
2. [Project Lifecycle Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873309/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) proposals:
   
   1. [Subprojects not formally defined](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Subprojects+not+formally+defined)
   2. [Subprojects house keeping](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Subprojects+house+keeping)
   3. [Subprojects and project proposals](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Subprojects+and+project+proposals)
      
      1. **Vote**: motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstain, unanimously approved.
3. [TSC Election voters selection](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+voters+selection)

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Burrow](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q4%20Hyperledger%20Burrow)
  
  - No questions
- 2019 Q4 Hyperledger Performance and Scalability WG

### Upcoming items

- 2019 Q4 Hyperledger Transact
- 2019 Q4 Hyperledger Cello

### Backlog

1. [TSC Election voters selection](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+voters+selection) – continued next week.

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437626/21457400.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437626/21457626.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437626/21449447.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437626/21449448.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
