1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 01 24 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

January 24, 2019 (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

**Internship program announced**

- Project submissions will be open at the end of January
- Think about what you want to offer as a mentor for the 2019 season
  

### Items of discussion

**Hong Kong Bootcamp March 7,8**

- [BootCamp - Hong Kong](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/BOOTHK/pages/23102870/BootCamp+-+Hong+Kong)
- Getting materials ready before Chinese New Year
- Silona asked for maintainers to volunteer to lead Sessions
- Talked further about the goal being onboarding new contributors
- a few maintainers may participate remotely via video
- Want to have take away materials for all the Projects to improve their "Getting started Experience."

**Maintainers/Contributors Summit**

- Several members strongly stated they want the event to be open
- Importance of a well defined agenda
- Making events more serialized and less parallel
- Be clear that not an event for newbies
- Can we do a Survey of interest?
- Possibly a few sessions being invite only
- Discussion to be continued
- [Further discussion on the mailing list](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/29169042#1942)

**ODPi interop request**

- A couple Requests for a more specific scope for the Work Group
- Silona took an action item to follow up to get specificity about the request - sent email with link to the [Workgroup Process.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595417/Working+Group+Process)

### Quarterly updates

[2019 Q1 Sawtooth Update](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/groups/tsc/project-updates/sawtooth-2019-jan)

- How is it being adopted - not in the report (mark wagner)
  
  we are tracking stars and forks
  
  On the web page there is a list of companies that are using it
  
  Hard to measure who is with what company
- Maybe add ecosystem header to these reports?
  
  Like press and use cases and blog posts
- PBFT? - Silas
  
  Feature complete and stable. It is in testing phase. We are working on a Doc explaining how we have judged it as stable- pschwarz

[2019 Q1 Identity WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19603723/2019+Q1+Identity+WG)

- Question was asked about EEA discussions. they are just starting.  just sent invite to participate - Vipin

### Upcoming items

[Smart Contracts - Approved on Jan 31 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595421/Smart+Contracts+-+Approved+on+Jan+31+2019) Proposal Filed Via the [Workgroup Process](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595417/Working+Group+Process) to be discussed in email list and reviewed Jan 31, 2019

[Hyperledger Iroha](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/groups/tsc/project-updates/iroha-2019-jan) from January 24

[Hyperledger Fabric](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/groups/tsc/project-updates/fabric-2019-jan) from 17 January

[Hyperledger Quilt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/groups/tsc/project-updates/quilt-2018-dec) from 10 January

[Hyperledger Composer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/groups/tsc/project-updates/composer-2018-nov) from 29 October 2018

### Backlog

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
