1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 02 21 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250)![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Recordings

- [video](#)
- [audio](#)
- [chat](attachments/21431910/21448557.txt)

### Announcements

- Internship program deadline is today.
  
  - Advice for mentors: [Successful Mentorship](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/INTERN/pages/21954642/Successful+Mentorship)
  - Proposal to extend the deadline a week.
- Decision: extended deadline a week.
  
  - Get your project proposals in ASAP.

### Items of discussion

- Bootcamps
  
  - APAC bootcamp
    
    - Still looking for representatives from Sawtooth and Fabric to run sessions at the bootcamp.
    - Bootcamp materials are being created in as reusable materials for others to use for future bootcamps.
  - Upcoming bootcamps 
    
    - Bootcamp BC in Vancouver in March that is focused on Hyperledger Indy.
    - India in May?
    - Brazil in June?
- Contributors' Summit
  
  - Looked into hosting in Japan in conjunction with members' summit and it would use up the entire bootcamp budget.
  - Looking at just going with unconference days attached to other HL events as a compromise.
    
    - Biggest issue is cost.
    - Still looking for something affordable to have one in Tokyo.
    - Kelly: maybe we have geographically located contributors' meetings to make the travel ask a much easier lift.
    - Hart: is going to reach out some people to ask about meeting space.
    - The contributors' summit in Canada will have a more structured agenda with a consensus building process and maybe a little bit of unconference to make sure we have flexibility to cover things that come up.
      
      - The hope is to have themes for these events such as "interop and collaboration".
- Security Audits
  
  - Composer audit is going out.
  - Proposed change to the process to allow the release of reports when all high and medium issues have been fixed or there are no issues found.
    
    - Vote result: accepted, unanimously.
  - Chris: is there a process in place around when we re-audit projects that have already been audited?
    
    - We're developing metrics around churn and security sensitive code changes.
    - Upcoming proposal to TSC on the procedures around this.
  - Chris: what about security alert emails from Github hosted projects?
- Quilt reboot
  
  - Bringing in Architecture group next week to discuss
    
    - protocols to support
    - values vs assets
  - Still in the phase of figuring out the over-arching needs of everybody involved.
  - This will likely come back to the TSC with proposal on what will come out of the Quilt project.
  - Silas: 
    
    - expanding the scope is probably the wrong thing to do.
    - there's a gap here that could be filled by a WG on meta-consensus that swaps state and/or value across ledgers.
- Diversity &amp; Inclusion
  
  - Community health group meeting this week.
    
    - [Community Health Task Force Rough Draft](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CP/pages/17432912/Community+Health+Task+Force+Rough+Draft)
    - [Meeting Agenda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CP/pages/17432616/Meeting+Agenda)
  - Met with CHAOSS and Bitergia to get metrics in place and available to the projects.
  - Meet every week and still looking for more participants.

### Quarterly updates

- Technical Working Group China
  
  - They focused on four areas:
    
    - development and innovation
    - translating documentation and educational materials
    - collaboration
    - event organization
  - Because of festivals they had reduced output
  - Successfully translated Fabric 1.4 documentation with 20+ participants attending the event.
  - Questions:
    
    - When translating are you focused on documentation or are you also making code changes to separate user-facing messages so that they can be translated?
      
      - They focused on just the documentation.
      - We should look at a solution for splitting out program messages for translation as well.
    - Are there any new project proposals coming out of the TWGC?
      
      - So far, no.
      - There is a proposal to add the China crypto to Ursa and a proposal to update/improve the node and python SDK for Fabric.
    - Is there any way we can make things easier for contributors in China?
      
      - They use Wechat a lot, including for technical discussions.
      - More learning materials in Chinese would help.
    - Is there a way to do a plugin for Rocket.Chat that does translation between English and Chinese in real time?
      
      - Wechat does automatic translation.
      - Probably not for Rocket.Chat.
      - Possible solution would be to write a bot that links Wechat and Rocket.Chat.
      - Maybe set up geographically centered channels in Rocket.Chat.
- Hyperledger Cello
  
  - Updates
    
    - They mainly discussed new designs for Cello this quarter.
    - They have many contributors attending Cello calls.
    - No new releases this quarter.
    - Minimalist support for kubernetes deploy of Fabric network.
    - Improving user experience with the dashboard.
  - Questions
    
    - How is Cello handling the Kubernetes support for Fabric?
      
      - The community is still focused on supporting Docker, Ansible, as well as Kubernetes.

### Upcoming items

- Hyperledger Composer
  
  - Looking for new contributors and maintainers.
  - The project is a quarter behind on updates.
- Hyperledger Quilt
  
  - Undergoing a reboot.
  - Looking for new contributors and maintainers as well.

### Backlog

- Ambassadors reboot
- Testnets
- CI/CD
- Project Readiness 1.0
- What does vendor diversity mean?
- Election of New Chair for [Learning Materials Dev WG](https://wiki2.hyperledger.org/display/LMDWG)
- - Include ask of TSC for projects to send a representative to LMGD group
  - Sent email to email list about voting

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431910/21457495.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/21431910/21448557.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431910/21448556.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
