1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 12 19 TSC Minutes

Created by Silona Bonewald, last modified by Ry Jones on Dec 19, 2019

(7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

![](attachments/21438288/21449973.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21438288/21449974.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- Holiday break: no calls on 12/26 and 1/2/2020, next call on 1/9/2020 - Arnaud
- Extending the Size of TSC by 4 people is being voted on by the Governing Board
  
  - Up to TSC if they want to vote now or later

## Quarterly reports

- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Aries](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q4%20Hyperledger%20Aries)
- [2019 Q4 Technical Working Group China](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19609189/2019+Q4+Technical+Working+Group+China)
  
  - Discussion about Ursa and China Crypto and Modular Crypto [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence)
  - Who from TWGC is going to work with Ursa?
- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Avalon](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q4%20Hyperledger%20Avalon%20Project%20Update)
- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Quilt](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q4%20Hyperledger%20Quilt)
  
  - Gari - asked David about integration with other Blockchain projects within Hyperledger
  - David - focused on being feature complete and compatible
  - Nathan - integration with Indy will work with Interledger but haven't taken advantage yet
  - David - wants to work on human usability next
- [2019 Q4 Learning Materials Development Working Group](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__wiki.hyperledger.org_display_HYP_2019-2BQ4-2BLearning-2BMaterials-2BDevelopment-2BWorking-2BGroup-3Fsrc-3Dmail-26src.mail.product-3Dconfluence-2Dserver-26src.mail.timestamp-3D1576723300024-26src.mail.notification-3Dcom.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-2Dinline-2Dtasks-253Atasks-2Dnotification-26src.mail.recipient-3D8a9ebdad66b2ccfc01689912fc460068&d=DwMFaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=FeEyaQ0jRNIO23RtypVDUZDCvcWArherjqr_H_dV3so&m=wC_RcHpf89XIZtsfVTtaD739vzLYbv8xmVtIRD62Img&s=FVf8Vwd3hyrgjkISCjvsgdu8-4QYDAYTVo1k-sUgKXI&e= "2019 Q4 Learning Materials Development Working Group")
  
  - Kudos to [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) and her groups hard word
  - [Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence), Bobbi and Grace are organizing a group for a Task Force.

## Decisions

[1) Forgo the Project Lifecycle Incubation state](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Forgo+the+Project+Lifecycle+Incubation+state)

- Proposal: as written
- Call for vote - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)

Â "Yes to remove, No to keep" and seconded- [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)

Angelo De Caro - Not here

Arnaud J Le Hors - No

Christopher Ferris - No

Dan Middleton - No

Gari Singh - No

Hart Montgomery - Yes

Mark Wagner - Not here

Nathan George - No

Swetha Repakula - No

Tracy Kuhrt - No

Troy Ronda - not here

### [2) Community Diversity metric](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Community+Diversity+metric)

- Proposal: Keep existing metric as currently defined
- Call for vote - Arnaud
- Seconded - Chris

Angelo De Caro - Not here

Arnaud J Le Hors - yes

Christopher Ferris - yes

Dan Middleton - Yes

Gari Singh - yes

Hart Montgomery - yes

Mark Wagner - not here

Nathan George - yes

Swetha Repakula - yes

Tracy Kuhrt - yes

Troy Ronda - not here

## Discussions

- [Introduce "Promoted Release"](21438246.html)
  
  - Additional notes [Issue 3: What criteria/steps/policies must releases after the First Major Release adhere to?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873455/Issue+3+What+criteria+steps+policies+must+releases+after+the+First+Major+Release+adhere+to)
  - Discuss with Marketing Committee what "promoted" means- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
  - Discussion btn "First Major" and "Promoted"
  - Concerned about rehashing - [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence)
  - Concerned about the expense in regards to Security Audits - [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence)
  - Add versioning information in the quarterly reports can que this to the TSC - [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
  - Let projects like Quilt and Explorer control versioning
  - [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence) says he will work on the wording of the proposal for a vote next TSC meeting
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence) noticed a typo [https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/tsc?msg=ZaBjkYwQhGTMaMf2L](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/tsc?msg=ZaBjkYwQhGTMaMf2L)
  
  - Ask that committer be changed to Maintainer - everyone agreed it's a typo and will fix
- Check out the 4yr Hyperledger report - [https://www.hyperledger.org/resources/publications/hyperledger-annual-report](https://www.hyperledger.org/resources/publications/hyperledger-annual-report)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/21438288/21449973.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [inclusive.png](attachments/21438288/21449974.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438288/21457404.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438288/21457630.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438288/21450009.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438288/21450010.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
