1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 08 08 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- TSC election nomination phase
  
  - Contributors can be automatically pulled from the code repos.
  - WG Chairs need to submit contributor lists to [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence)
  - Ry is gathering the master list of contributors.

### Items of discussion

- [TSC Election](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/TSC+Election+2019)
  
  - Tracy described how the TSC election went last year.
  - Chris reminded us how the original TSC was set up and asked what people think of expanding the TSC membership now that Hyperledger has grown.
    
    - General support for this idea exists but there are concerns about growing the TSC too big.
    - Chris pointed out that the board is up to 21 and that we're up to 14 projects and a few more about to come in and the TSC is still just 11 people.
    - Ry suggested adjusting to add a rolling quorum too to deal with needing more people to be present for quorum.
    - Brian shared an idea of adding 6 more appointed people to the TSC that would be appointed by the elected TSC each year.
    - Dan suggested to defer this to the mailing list and to be taken up by the new TSC to take to the board if they decide.
- [Project Lifecycle Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) - ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence))
  
  - Vote on three resolutions.
  - [Issue 1: When do we know that a project is "done"? What are the end-of-life criteria?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321775)
    
    - Should we rename end-of-life to archived? EOL is not a new state and is in the existing lifecycle document.
    - The proposal is to adopt both 1.1 and 1.2 resolutions.
    - Vote: unanimously in favor, zero opposed, zero abstained.
  - [Issue 7: How/when does a project get officially names?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321829)
    
    - The hope is that a proposal comes with a name that is acceptable at first and the marketing committee will weigh in on the rename.
    - Vote: unanimously in favor, zero opposed, Silas abstained (because he was late tot he conversation).
  - [Issue 8: How do we deal with a new project coming in that is already a shipping product for a company?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321833)
    
    - Vote: unanimously in favor, zero opposed, zero abstained.
  - Two major issues left to be dealt with in a future TSC meeting.
    
    - [Issue 2: What ar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321784)
    - [e the criteria for a "First Major Release"?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321784)
    - [Issue 6: Should we have subprojects (and fewer toplevel projects)?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321822)
- Housekeeping
  
  - CI/CD Committee
    
    - [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/x/5BD5](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/x/5BD5)
  - Working Groups Committee
- New Project Proposals - are we ready to vote and/or archive?
  
  - [Justitia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Justitia+Proposal)
  - [Gardener](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Gardener)

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Burrow](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Burrow)
  
  - Ask is for people to run through the documentation to see what works and what doesn't.
  - Suggestion was to connect with people at the Brazil bootcamp that did a great demo of Burrow.
- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Indy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Indy)
  
  - Working on the split of code from the Indy code base to the Aries code base. Progress is being made but there is some coordination going on between the Decentralized Identity Foundation and the Aries project on the standards around the wallet layer.

### Upcoming items

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Project Pipeline Direction
- [Smart Contracts Diagram submitted by](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=6424415) [sterzi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ff2cf15692b790110faba1b?ref=confluence)
- Centralized decision record

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432164/21457388.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432164/21457513.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432164/21448596.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432164/21448595.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
