1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q1 Hyperledger Explorer

Created by Vinita Chinoy, last modified by Arnaud J LE HORS on Mar 14, 2019

# Project

[Hyperledger Explorer](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer)

Project Health

Project health is green. We released Tags v0.3.8 in support of Fabric 1.3 and 0.3.9 in support of Fabric 1.4. We use all of the following to help keep project health green: JIRA, RocketChat, email, Gerrit, Jenkins, Github, Zoom and Skype. Questions asked via rocketchat are being answered in a timely manner. For greater efficiency in this regard the FAQs page is updated with every release. Good mix of background of contributors from front-end to back-end however more community involvement is strongly encouraged and welcomed!

# Issues

Maintaining contributor diversity.

# Releases

[v0.3.8](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/master/release_notes/v0.3.8.md): Release 0.3.8 of Hyperledger Explorer was put out on December 13, 2018 in support of fabric 1.3

[v0.3.9](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/master/release_notes/v0.3.9.md): release 0.3.9 of Hyperledger Explorer was put out on February 6, 2019 in support of Fabric 1.4

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

In this quarter Jan-Mar 2019, aim was to release Explorer in support of fabric 1.4 while continuing to make it more stable and complete. Automated deployment of HL Explorer is available [here](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker)

# Current Plans

Bug Fixes. Ongoing enhancement in support of fabric 1.4's latest features.

# Maintainer Diversity

No new maintainer were added.

# Contributor Diversity

Current contributors are from DTCC and Fujitsu, There is some interest shown by members wishing to join the effort but no active contributions yet.

# Additional Information

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
