1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 08 15 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis, MN, USA
  
  - It's an experiment to see what works well for getting the core maintainers together to address HL-wide development issues.
  - DevCon is the same time as this summit but it's a reasonable trade off.
  - The space has room for about 40 people. The maintainers list is about 50 people.
- [Russia Bootcamp in Moscow Oct 14, 15 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia) (get your Visas Now!)
  
  - Co-planning with the team in Russia.
  - There's a new checklist under planning docs for the bootcamp in a box initiative that covers all of the logistics of setting up and running a regional bootcamp.

### Items of discussion

- Wiki structure discussion
  
  - Visibility of what's happening on the wiki is not as good as it could be.
  - Is there a way to publish the most interesting thing that is coming up in a more visible way?
  - Subscribing to entire spaces is the best way to watch what is going on in whole areas of the wiki.
- Project Pipeline direction
  
  - Discuss trade-offs in convergence and expansion
  - What set of guidelines do we have for how many projects we want to bring in and when do we retire some
  - The charter calls out for a DLT and not a whole bunch of them.
  - A good approach may be that the TSC does a gap analysis and strives to have projects to cover all of the different different areas of technology.
  - Our efforts on convergence haven't been as successful as we had hoped.
  - Are we going to limit each area of technology to a single implementation?
    
    - If we only take whomever was first then we could have problems of taking the wrong project just because they were first.
- [Project Lifecycle Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force)

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Quilt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Quilt)
  
  - Ripple is increasing investment into interledger java more broadly and the desire is to do that work within the Quilt project.
  - The primary focus is on interledger and the reboot is not broadening the scope of Quilt.
  - There's hope that other projects will look into integrating with Quilt as well.
  - Are there any revisions to the ILP protocol or is finalized?
    
    - ILPv4 is solid with no changes coming. The higher level protocols defined by the interledger community are still a little in flux.
- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Cello](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Cello)
  
  - Meeting Friday night Beijing time and routinely have 10 or more participants.
  - Lots of improvements going in and the community is growing in China.
  - Cello needs to be CII compliant.
- PSWG
  
  - Had a speaker in talking about Fast Fabric
  - Had another speaker talking about Accelerator
  - There's a lot of work going on in the community focused on improving performance of DLTs
  - Vipin wrote a great paper on provenance
  - Nick from IBM has done some work testing for bottlenecks in Fabric using Caliper to look at CPU/memory utilization instead of TPS type of stats
  - Looking at how to integrate Confluence with Caliper output so that we could publish Caliper test results more easily

### Upcoming items

- Grid
- Transact
- China TWG

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Project Pipeline Direction
- Centralized decision record
- [Gardener](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Gardener)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432188/21457514.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432188/21457389.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432188/21448598.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432188/21448597.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
