1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q2 Hyperledger Explorer

Created by Nick Frunza, last modified by Arnaud J LE HORS on May 23, 2019

# Project

[Hyperledger Explorer](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer)

Project Health

Project health is green. We released Tags  v0.3.9.1 in support of Fabric 1.4. We use all of the following to help keep project health green: JIRA, RocketChat, email, Gerrit, Jenkins, Github, Zoom and Skype. Questions asked via rocketchat are being answered in a timely manner. For greater efficiency in this regard the FAQs page is updated with every release. Good mix of background of contributors from front-end to back-end however more community involvement is strongly encouraged and welcomed!

# Issues

Maintaining contributor diversity.

# Releases

[v0.3.9.1.md](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/master/release_notes/v0.3.9.1.md "v0.3.9.1.md") : release 0.3.9.1 of Hyperledger Explorer was put out on February 28, 2019 in support of Fabric 1.4

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

In this quarter April-May 2019, aim was to redesign Explorer to use advantage of discovery service, gateway (fabric-network package), and support for fabric-ca server along with minimal configuration. Automated deployment of HL Explorer is available [here](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker)

# Current Plans

Graduating HLExplorer from incubation. 

Bug Fixes. Ongoing enhancement in support of fabric 1.4's latest features.

# Maintainer Diversity

No new maintainer were added.

# Contributor Diversity

Current contributors are from DTCC and Fujitsu, There is some interest shown by members wishing to join the effort but no active contributions yet.

# Additional Information

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
