1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q3 Hyperledger Explorer

Created by Vinita Chinoy, last modified by Gari Singh on Sep 26, 2019

# Project

[Hyperledger Explorer](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer)

Project Health

Project health is green. We released Tag v0.3.9.4 in support of Fabric 1.4.1. We use all of the following to help keep project health green: JIRA, RocketChat, email, Gerrit, Jenkins, Github, Zoom and Skype. Questions asked via rocketchat are being answered in a timely manner. For greater efficiency in this regard the FAQs page is updated with every release. We are in need of more community involvement to maintain a green status for the project.

# Issues

Maintaining contributor numbers and diversity.

# Releases

[v0.3.9.4](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/cii-badge/release_notes/v0.3.9.4.md): Released on June 18, 2019

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

In this quarter the focus was on earning **CII badge** as a step toward getting out of incubation. In support of that we worked on increasing code coverage and putting in place an E2E Test Suite and added documentation for HL Explorer [here](https://blockchain-explorer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Automated deployment of HL Explorer is available [here](https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker)

# Current Plans

Bug Fixes. Currently we are at 98% compliance toward earning CII Badge, will complete missing requirements to get fully compliant.

# Maintainer Diversity

No new maintainer were added. We really need community to come forward and contribute.

# Contributor Diversity

Current contributors are from DTCC and Fujitsu, There is some interest shown by members wishing to join the effort but no active contributions yet.

# Additional Information

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Gari Singh
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
