1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 06 13 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Sao Paulo Brazil coming up on 6/24-6/25 announced by Rodrigo Lima Verde Leal
  
  - If you want more information or to get involved, email [Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence)
- 2FA now required for all people with Github write access.
  
  - Down to 3 people with write access that haven't turned on 2FA
  - 2FA will be enabled on LFID in the very near future.
  - TSC voted on enabling 2FA at the end of the TSC meeting next week.
- Request for comments on 2020 direction from the technical community: [2020 RFC](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/RFC+-+2020+Contributor+Support)
  
  - The comments are for the upcoming governing board meeting.

### Items of discussion

- New Greenhouse graphic presented by [Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence)
  
  - Updated existing graphic with all of the new projects and logo.
  - Goal was to make it more comprehensible.
  - Updated taxonomy for how we describe our projects.
  - Focus the TSC on establishing the new taxonomy.

### Quarterly updates

- [Hyperledger Smart Contracts Due Jun 6th](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q1+Smart+Contracts+Working+Group) ([sterzi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ff2cf15692b790110faba1b?ref=confluence))
  
  - Working towards a final report and review by the TSC.
  - Email the TSC with smart contract report and taxonomy and ask for a formal review of it.
- [2019 Q2 Learning Materials and Documentation Working Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q2+Learning+Materials+and+Documentation+Working+Group) ([Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence))
  
  - Built out the organization for how to organize the learning materials and documentation.
  - Need to build out a framework for organizing things even farther.
  - Membership is low and more people are needed.
  - Planning to help update the first three chapters in the edX course materials with Flavia.
    
    - The remaining technical chapters will be updated by the teams.

### Upcoming items

- Reports: [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar)

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - Jul 11th)
- Chairs and Vice Chairs for Projects ([Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence) Jun 20th)
- CI/CD report (Dave Huseby - July 11th)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432071/21457386.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432071/21457508.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432071/21448586.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432071/21448585.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
