1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 06 06 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Sao Paulo, Brazil Bootcamp is coming up June 24-25, 2019.
  
  - Contact Karen Ottoni &amp; community architects to volunteer training &amp; contributions
- Governing board coming up.
  
  - Would like to gather thoughts on budget or other policy things we'd like to change.
  - Please add items to the wiki page: [2020 RFC](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/RFC+-+2020+Contributor+Support)
- Hyperledger Fabric audit has begun with report due later this summer.

### Items of discussion

- Convector task force: does this replace the current Composer codebase?
  
  - Details here: [Presentation to HCWG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HCSIG/2019.05.17+General+Meeting+Agenda?preview=%2F9110464%2F13861356%2FHC-SIG%20Presentation%20Convector%20May%2019.pdf) and [GitHub repo](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/convector)
  - Need volunteers to help evaluate it.
  - The convector team thought their approach was different than Composer and they brought it do HL because Composer is slowing down.
  - Maybe we need to decided projects and sub-projects because TSC has decided that tools that support a single platform should be part of the platform project until they support more than one platform.
  - Maybe Convector re-brands as Composer 2.0?
    
    - Need to ask the Composer and Convector maintainers to see what they think.
- Drafts for disussion: naming guidelines, [Process](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=13863190) and [Best Practices](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=13863192)
  
  - Knowing who to talk to about support and/or help when developing a name would be helpful.
  - Knowing the process for handling naming conflicts (e.g. trademark violations) would be helpful.
  - The role of the marketing committee could really help with an internal process for doing:
    
    - cultural sensitivities
    - good naming criteria
    - legal checks for trademarks
- Formalized statement on 2FA
  
  - Around 50% of HL community has 2FA turned on.
  - No easy way to figure out if the non-2FA people are active contributors.
  - The git contributors shell script uses commit logs to get the email addresses.
  - Trying to figure out how to contact them to enable 2FA.
  - If you don't have 2FA enabled on Github, please enabled it now.
  - Proposal to send out notices for a set amount of time and then make the switch.

### Quarterly updates

- [Hyperledger Smart Contracts Due Jun 6th](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q1+Smart+Contracts+Working+Group)
  
  - Not enough TSC member reviews so pushed to next week.

### Upcoming items

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar)

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - May 30th)
- Update from Community Health Committee (Ry Jones- TBD)
- CI/CD report (Dave Huseby - end of June)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432052/21457385.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432052/21457507.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432052/21448584.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432052/21448583.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
