1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_21447696.html)
4. [TSC Meeting Agendas](TSC-Meeting-Agendas_21448768.html)
5. [2019 TSC Agendas](2019-TSC-Agendas_21448769.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 06 13 TSC Agenda

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Welcome

- Rodrigo Lima Verde Leal

## Announcements

- Two factor authentication requirement for Hyperledger Github org ([Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence) )
  
  - There are seven people with write access to repos in the GitHub org which don't have 2FA enabled yet
  - Ry has reached out to all of them by email, messages on chat, and in one case LinkedIn
- Sao Paulo, Brazil Bootcamp is coming up June 24-25, 2019 ([Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence) )
- Request for Comments on 2020 items to support the contributor community in 2020. ([Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence) )
  
  - The Governing Board would like to review suggestions ahead of their 2019-07-30 meeting.
  - Please add items to the tracking table on the wiki: [2020 RFC](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/RFC+-+2020+Contributor+Support)
- 4th of July holiday

## Discussion

- Greenhouse graphic ([Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence) )

## Quarterly reports

- [Hyperledger Smart Contracts Due Jun 6th](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/2019+Q1+Smart+Contracts+Working+Group)  ([sterzi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ff2cf15692b790110faba1b?ref=confluence) )
- [2019 Q2 Learning Materials and Documentation Working Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19599646/2019+Q2+Learning+Materials+and+Documentation+Working+Group) ([Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) )

## Upcoming reports

[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar)

## Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - Jul 11th)
- Chairs and Vice Chairs for Projects ([Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence) Jun 20th)
- CI/CD report (Dave Huseby - July 11th)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
