1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q2 Hyperledger Grid

Created by Andi Gunderson, last modified by Mark Wagner on May 22, 2019

# Project

Hyperlegder Grid [https://grid.hyperledger.org/](https://grid.hyperledger.org/)

Project Health

Health is good.  Sponsors along with new contributors have begun design work including collaborating on the initial RFCs.  Monthly contributor calls have generated further interest.  Several contributors have agreed to collaborate on Grid design and implementation via agile sprints leveraging the community tools provided by Hyperledger.

# Issues

The contributors are currently working on defining cross-company sprint planning activities. As part of this, the team needs to decide whether to use JIRA or Github Issues. This discussion is on-going. Community input is welcome on #grid.

# Releases

No prior releases.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

Chat on Rockchat and pull request engagement is increasing as more information about Grid is becoming available. The mailing list is underutilized.

See community calendar [https://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings) for occurrences of our Grid Contributors Meeting.

The project is very active. Some highlights:

- Track and Trace demo application has been fully integrated into Grid.
- Pike integration is in-progress but mostly complete.
- Architectural components such as the Grid daemon and Grid SDK have been added to the project.
- Discussions on future direction and features have occurred throughout the quarter and continue to increase.
- There are several in-progress RFCs related to current and future direction of features.

# Current Plans

Specific plans include:

- Implement GS1 Product / Product Catalog framework
- Complete Pike implementation into Grid
- Complete migration of Track and Trace demo app to Rust
- Integrate Track and Trace demo app into Pike
- Finish implementation of Grid Schema

# Maintainer Diversity

The Grid maintainers are currently:

Andi Gunderson

Anne Chenette

Boyd Johnson

Dan Middleton

Darian Plumb

Dave Cecchi

James Mitchell

Peter Schwarz

Ryan Banks

Ryan Beck-Buysse

Shawn Amundson

We anticipate adding additional maintainers as contributions increase in areas currently in development.

# Contributor Diversity

In addition to the initial sponsoring organizations (Cargill, Intel, Bitwise IO), two additional organizations have begun contributing to Grid this quarter: Target and GS1. In total, there are 14 active contributors to Grid across five active organizations.

# Additional Information

Hyperledger Grid was discussed in the ProMat conference keynote session. 

Several times in the past quarter, Hyperledger Grid's contributors have received positive feedback from the extended Enterprise/Business community on the project's name.

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
