1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 05 09 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [CI/CD Home](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CICD/overview) page is now public and we invite everybody to take a look and help out.
- A new Supply Chain SIG is launching.
  
  - [Supply Chain SIG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SCSIG/overview)
- Asking for volunteers to help with the Fabric Developer Certification Workshop.

### Items of discussion

- The community architecture team is opening up to utilize more of the community resources. We'd like you to help out.
  
  - CI/CD proposal design needs feedback from all of the teams (Huseby).
  - Contributor Summit location needs to be figured out (Silona).
  - DCO issue resolution needs your feedback (Ry).
  - Hart: how do people join these?
    
    - We will have a special section in the wiki where we organize the products of the effort.
    - We're trying to keep the bureaucratic overhead as low as possible.
    - They are quick and dirty strike teams to solve very specific problems.
    - Just contact the CA that owns the effort to be considered part of the team.
  - Hart: with regards to the events like the contributor summit it seems like locations fall out of the sky. It's nice to have an opportunity to participate in the selection process.
    
    - This is to make this conversation more public and rewards the do-ers with having influence.

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q2 Hyperledger Grid](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q2%20Hyperledger%20Grid) quarterly report
  
  - Brian: we don't have a clear understanding of the difference between end solutions and templates so we should have a broader conversation.
  - Shawn: the focus is on the things that are reusable building blocks rather than building a fully baked solution.
  - Silas: can you say more about what it means to have the track and trace demo fully integrated.
  - Shawn:
    
    - we took the application parts for the example in the contrib part of the grid repo.
    - then we took the reusable parts and integrated it into the grid platform. things like smart contracts for tracking and tracing.
    - things around identity capabilities.
    - some schema support that is inspired by the previous sawtooth supply chain work and made into a reusable component.
  - Silas: So where are the smart contracts going to land with regards to transact?
  - Shawn: Transact will support the Sabre transaction processor and eventually Sawtooth with use Transact.
  - Silas: Do you see the composability and interoperability as being through Transact or Sawtooth?
  - Shawn:
    
    - We see that as being through Transact.
    - As long as components can run sabre, we have the possibility of running grid on platforms other than sawtooth.
  - Brian:
    
    - There was a lot of mailing list activity early on but the mailing list has slowed own considerably.
    - The mailing list feels somewhat dead.
    - Just wanted to make sure that people feel like they know how to get plugged into Grid and getting involved.
  - Shawn:
    
    - RocketChat is the primary means of communication for the team.
    - Attracting new contributors and maintainers is a top priority.
    - We want to make it clear about which tasks people can pick up. Maybe JIRA or JIRA combined with other things.
    - Trying to make that very accessible.
  - Silona:
    
    - We have a contractor for the JIRA and Confluence integration.
    - The contractor is going to be tracking everything in JIRA, github, and confluence as a demo of linking the three.
  - Shawn:
    
    - Our current sticking point is how to manage the teams in a practical way while moving to a very public bug tracking system.
    - Need unified view for subsets of the team so they can view all of the work they are doing.
  - Silas:
    
    - If I want to reuse Grid on something else, how much of sabre do i have to support?
    - The idea with grid would be that we'd have modular, reusable components.
    - Can you run grid components outside of sabre?
  - Shawn:
    
    - The reusability  comes at the API level.
    - Sabre contracts can be compiled to work in different environments via build features.
  - Silas:
    
    - So my integration would live in rust land.
    - I'd compile my contracts against a burrow/sawtooth target.
  - Shawn:
- [2019 Q2 Hyperledger Burrow](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q2%20Hyperledger%20Burrow)
  
  - Postponed to give time for more reviews.

### Upcoming items

- Discussion about EoL and subproject reorganization.
  
  - Hart send a really nice email and is soliciting feedback.
  - Feedback from marketing because our language is confusing and making their jobs harder.
  - Silona suggests we do a small task group to look at all of these and come back to the TSC with recommendations.

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432012/21457504.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432012/21457383.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432012/21448578.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432012/21448577.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
