1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 10 10 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Nov 06, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia), October 14-15, 2019 Moscow

### Items of discussion

- [TSC Size](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Size)
  
  - Proposed: Extend the size of the TSC to 15 (pending Board approval).
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 1 abstaining (Gari), approved.
  - Proposed: Accept the next 4 vote winners into the TSC immediately.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. unanimously rejected.
  - Proposed: New size of TSC to take effect for the next election.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 1 abstaining (Gari), approved.
- [TSC Term length](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Term+length)
  
  - Proposal: Keep TSC term length to 1 year.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining, approved.
- [TSC Term limits](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Term+limits)
  
  - Proposal: No limit to TSC term
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining, approved.
- [Should the TSC have a secretary role?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=20022780)
  
  - Proposal: no TSC secretary role
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining. approved.
- [TSC Membership Diversity](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Membership+Diversity)

### Quarterly updates

- 2019 Q4 Architecture WG
- [2019 Q4 Fabric Project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q4+Hyperledger+Fabric)
- [2019 Q4 Sawtooth Project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q4+Hyperledger+Sawtooth)
  
  - Sawtooth is being rewritten in Rust and they are reporting some performance impact issues. Is this temporary?
    
    - Yes, the added overhead of doing Python ↔ Rust calls is causing the performance regressions. Eventually everything will be in Rust and performance will improve.
  - How can we foster the reuse of the Sawtooth PBFT implementation in other projects?
    
    - Consensus is difficult to reuse right now because of how the different platforms link into the smart contracts layer.

### Upcoming items

- 2019 Q4 Identity WG
- 2019 Q4 Iroha Project

### Backlog

- [TSC Term limits](TSC-Term-limits_21431714.html)
- [TSC Term length](TSC-Term-length_21431690.html)
- [TSC Size](TSC-Size_21430312.html)
- [WGs scope](WGs-scope_21431725.html)
- [WGs product](WGs-product_21431731.html)
- [TSC Election voters selection](TSC-Election-voters-selection_21431702.html)
- [Subprojects not formally defined](Subprojects-not-formally-defined_21431719.html)
- [Decision Log](Decision-Log_21431740.html)
- [TSC Membership Diversity](TSC-Membership-Diversity_21430345.html)
- [Should the TSC have a secretary role?](21431769.html)
- [Security reporting policy on GH repos](Security-reporting-policy-on-GH-repos_21430398.html)
- [TSC Election observers](TSC-Election-observers_21434687.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437185/21457397.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437185/21457624.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437185/21449047.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437185/21449048.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
