1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 10 03 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Nov 04, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis - Registration closed
- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia), October 14-15, 2019 Moscow
- [Burrow Relaunch](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/34356131)
- [Hyperledger Global Forum CFP closes on Friday October 4 - Last call!](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2020/program/cfp/)

### Items of discussion

- [TSC Election process approval](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+process+approval)
  
  - Proposed: The process and timeline shall be proposed by the HL staff to the TSC and affirmed by a vote on an annual basis no later than 1 month prior to the election.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining, unanimous approval.
- [TSC Election timing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+timing)
  
  - Proposed: TSC elections shall be conducted in October, leaving September to finalize the data collection to determine who's allowed to vote and take nominations.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining, unanimous approval.
- [TSC Election nominations](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+nominations)
  
  - Proposed: Nominations shall be posted to the TSC list and confirmed by the nominee in case of nomination by someone else.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining. unanimous approval.
- [TSC Election observers](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+observers)
  
  - Proposed: The HL staff shall be helped by **two volunteer election observers** who are not running for the TSC, with whom the staff can CC on every election-related conversation they have or action they take, who can help them with the voter list, and with whom results can be shared. Just like HL staff, observers will not have access to the raw votes, though.
    
    - Deferred. Ongoing discussion.
- [TSC Quorum](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Quorum)
  
  - Proposed: Any TSC member who fails to attend two consecutive TSC meetings will not be counted for purposes of determining quorum requirements as of the third consecutive meeting and until they next attend a TSC meeting.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining. unanimous approval.
- [TSC Co-chair/Vice-chair](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=20021855)
  
  - Proposed: Add a vice-chair who can take over when the chair is not available. The first member to win the election is chair, the second is vice-chair.
    
    - Motioned and seconded. 0 nays, 0 abstaining. unanimous approval.
- [TSC Size](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Size)
  
  - Proposed: Extend the size of the TSC to 15 (pending Board approval), to take effect for the next election.
    
    - Deferred.

### Quarterly updates

- 2019 Q4 Architecture WG
- 2019 Q4 Fabric Project

### Upcoming items

- 2019 Q4 Sawtooth Project

### Backlog

- [TSC Term limits](TSC-Term-limits_21431714.html)
- [TSC Term length](TSC-Term-length_21431690.html)
- [TSC Size](TSC-Size_21430312.html)
- [TSC Quorum](TSC-Quorum_21431698.html)
- [TSC Co-chair/Vice-chair](21431694.html)
- [WGs scope](WGs-scope_21431725.html)
- [WGs product](WGs-product_21431731.html)
- [TSC Election voters selection](TSC-Election-voters-selection_21431702.html)
- [Subprojects not formally defined](Subprojects-not-formally-defined_21431719.html)
- [Decision Log](Decision-Log_21431740.html)
- [TSC Membership Diversity](TSC-Membership-Diversity_21430345.html)
- [Should the TSC have a secretary role?](21431769.html)
- [Security reporting policy on GH repos](Security-reporting-policy-on-GH-repos_21430398.html)
- [TSC Election timing](TSC-Election-timing_21434701.html)
- [TSC Election process approval](TSC-Election-process-approval_21434681.html)
- [TSC Election nominations](TSC-Election-nominations_21434695.html)
- [TSC Election observers](TSC-Election-observers_21434687.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434786/21457396.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434786/21457623.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434786/21448919.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21434786/21448920.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
