1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 09 12 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Nov 03, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Welcome to the new TSC - [Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence)
- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis
- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia), October 14-15, 2019 Moscow
- Quarterly report template update - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- Keeping track of topics for TSC consideration - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
  
  - [Pending topics](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=Pending%20topics%20for%20the%20TSC)
  - [Closed topics](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Closed+topics)

### Items of discussion

- New members' topics of interest [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence) [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence) [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence) [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:62746046-52ae-43bb-827b-6dfdde9f07d7?ref=confluence) [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)
  
  - [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
    
    - focus more on crypto and interoperability
  - [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence) - absent
  - [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence)
    
    - focus more on working together
    - trying to enable more cross-project collaboration
  - [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
    
    - cross-project collaboration will make Hyperledger stronger
    - focus on making the community stronger by working on how people can get involved and stay involved
    - DCI is important and we'd like to be welcoming to new people
    - help make working groups more directed by the TSC
  - [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)
    
    - focusing more on technical topics
    - how do we do better interop between applications that have a DLT backing
    - excited about the Hyperledger Aries project for its explicit interop story
- Working group task force update
  
  - several proposals
  - possibly going to bring proposals to the TSC

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q2 Smart Contracts WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q2+Smart+Contracts+WG)
  
  - absent
  - questions asked but no answers given at the time of the meeting.
- [2019 Q3 Learning Materials Development WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Learning+Materials+Development+Working+Group)
  
  - setting up a library for a one stop for all information on getting started and getting help
  - setting up a resource library
  - want to run survey to find what documentation has already been created
    
    - should coordinate with the other surveys going out so that we're not over-surveying the community
  - developing standards for best practices for learning materials[[

### Upcoming items

- Hyperledger Ursa quarterly report next week.

### Backlog

- [TSC Term limits](TSC-Term-limits_21431714.html)
- [TSC Term length](TSC-Term-length_21431690.html)
- [TSC Size](TSC-Size_21430312.html)
- [TSC Quorum](TSC-Quorum_21431698.html)
- [TSC Co-chair/Vice-chair](21431694.html)
- [WGs scope](WGs-scope_21431725.html)
- [WGs product](WGs-product_21431731.html)
- [TSC Election voters selection](TSC-Election-voters-selection_21431702.html)
- [Subprojects not formally defined](Subprojects-not-formally-defined_21431719.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432263/21457518.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432263/21457393.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432263/21448606.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432263/21448605.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
