1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 08 22 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- NEW Contributor / Marketing Committee meeting ([Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence))
  
  - new contributor and marketing committee meetings starting.
  - second Wednesday every month.
  - kick-off one is wednesday September 11th.
  - goal is to focus on improving communication between technical leaders and marketing of HL projects.
  - it is up on the community calendar.

### Items of discussion

- Maintainer Summit Outreach from TSC members
  
  - Scheduled for October this year.
  - Would like to make sure that each project is reached out to and invited to attend.
  - The space has room for 40 people and we have 50 people on the list. We should probably be able to fill the space.
- [Gardener](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Gardener) Proposal
  
  - A blockchain oracle that seeks to be secure and trustworthy.
  - This allows blockchains to access external data.
  - Currently integrates with ethereum only but there is an abstraction that allows for integration in other blockchains.
  - Current supported use cases:
    
    - Accessing data via URL API.
    - Generating a random number.
  - Uses Intel SGX to secure the implementation.
  - There's potential overlap with TCF project and maybe the teams should meet and figure out if there is a path forward with cooperating/merging.
  - Any overlap analysis with regards to verifiable credentials? Not at the moment, but it would be interesting.
  - Does Garderner support a decentralized oracle service similar to the way that Indy works?
    
    - There are several approaches but currently none are implemented.
- [Hyperledger Besu Proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Besu+Proposal)
  
  - An open source ethereum client written in Java.
  - Launched last year at devcon.
  - Strong statements of support from TSC members.
  - Consensys' goal is to grow contributor list and to be an engaged member of the Hyperledger community.
  - What would be a good place to start for Besu to integrate with an existing HL project(s)?
    
    - There's lots of opportunities to collaborate with Quilt and Burrow.
    - Confidence that more collaborations with other projects make sense as well.
  - What about Besu use as an EVM?
    
    - It's not intended to be an alternative EVM but it does bring some different features.
    - The use of Java is not an issue because the interop is usually done at higher levels so cross-language support is not a problem.
    - Having a bunch of different languages used in Hyperledger provides a broader opportunity for more developers to contribute.
  - Is eWASM in scope for Besu? If it is in scope, is there an integration hook that would allow Transact to work with Besu?
    
    - Currently eWASM doesn't have a final version and won't be in EVM 1.x.
    - If it becomes part of ethereum then Besu will probably pick it up, but currently it isn't ready yet.

### Quarterly updates

- [Grid](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Grid)
  
  - No  issues currently.
  - Trying to figure out how to run sprints with a wide distribution of contributors and settled on JIRA which is working out great.
  - Added to the governance including a GS1 sub-team which include members from Target and GS1.
  - The PSWG will probably reach out to the GS1 sub-team soon so that benchmark tools can be developed to give performance feedback to the project.
- Transact
- TWGC
  
  - Overall, the working group is pretty active. ~40 attendees to each bi-weekly meeting.
  - One issue with translating the docs and they have reached out to the Fabric maintainers to fix the issue once they move to Github. TransFx seems like a good solution.
  - Hosted six meetups in the last quarter along with one online-only meetup.
    
    - ~50 attendees for the online-only meetup. The virtual meetups are easier for getting presence in China.
  - On track with more meetups and mentoring Chinese developers on how to bring their projects to the HL community.

### Upcoming items

- Aries
- Composer
- Explorer

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Centralized decision record

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432205/21457515.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432205/21457390.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432205/21448600.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432205/21448599.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
