1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 06 20 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Sao Paulo, Brazil bootcamp is happening next week.
  
  - session agenda is pretty full
  - will have 70 participants
- TSC call next week won't have CA support.
  
  - Mark will handle hosting and recording the meeting.
- Request for comments on 2020 items to support contributor community in 2020 is still open.
  
  - the governing board meeting is 30 Jul 2019 and they would like the feedback.
  - add items to: [RFC - 2020 Contributor Support](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=RFC%20-%202020%20Contributor%20Support)
- 4th of July holiday is coming up and the TSC meeting is canceled for that day.

### Items of discussion

- The chairs and vice chairs for projects.
  
  - There is precedence for projects having these positions.
  - The security team is also a something similar already.
  - The desire is to have a primary/secondary point of contact so that communication to projects is well defined.
  - The communities should be handling technical requests on chat and mailing lists.
    
    - The CA's refer tech requests to the chat and mailing list.
  - This role would be more higher level and/or process requests such as press requests or validating the learning materials.
  - Maybe someone who can handle marketing requests?
  - It sounds like that we will direct things like this to the TSC and the maintainers of the projects.
    
    - Projects should keep a maintainer's list in their repo and/or the wiki.
- Lifecycle committee update.
  
  - Set up a wiki page for the effort.
  - Published a set of proposals that got some reaction and feedback.
  - The wiki comments is where the discussion is happening.
  - The response is good and lots of people are participating.
  - Please jump on the wiki and check out the discussion.
  - Suggested that each proposal break out into a child page to focus the discussion on each proposal.
- The SIGs are creating work products
  
  - Discussion about the governance and gating of the publishing of those work products.
  - If they are publishing something that would appear to be "official" they should bring to the TSC.
  - But other work products shouldn't have to be gated.
  - The discussion to be taken offline and we should define what is and what isn't a work product that requires further review and approval.
  - There is a desire to clarify this so that we're all on the same page about the process of publishing HL related content.
  - Proposal coming for anything that is technical in nature must be reviewed and approved by the TSC or delegated reviewers.

### Quarterly updates

- Caliper
  
  - Nobody from Caliper in attendance.
  - Repor: [2019 Q2 Hyperledger Caliper](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q2%20Hyperledger%20Caliper)
- Quilt is in the middle of a reboot and hopes to get back to regular reporting soon.

### Upcoming items

- [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/calendar)

### Backlog

- Caliper update in upcoming meeting.
- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - Jul 11th)
- CI/CD report (Dave Huseby - July 11th)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)

### Recordings

### [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432087/21457509.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432087/21448587.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
