1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q2 Hyperledger Caliper

Created by qinghui hou, last modified by Raghunathan P on Jan 11, 2022

# Project

[Hyperledger Caliper](https://github.com/hyperledger/caliper)

Project Health

Caliper continues to grow and mature.In the past quarter, one of many contributors has grown the maintainer according to his great efforts. There were still many consulting questions in rocket chat and issues,most of which were well answered.Besides that, Caliper intern also participated in the project development and is in charge of Caliper visualization.

# Issues

There are no major issues at this time.

# Releases

Caliper npm packages and fixed API is on the way. After that, Caliper plans to release alpha version.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

During the past Quarter, 30 issues have been closed, 41 PRs have been reviewed and merged. Now the project has 290+ stars and 180+ forks.Thanks every contributor's efforts. Below are some main updates in the past 3 months:

- Support the latest iroha;
- Support the Ethereum benchmark;
- Refactored Caliper code,split Caliper code base into modules.
- Created CLI and sample package.
- Added Fabric kafka example and raft example;
- Enhanced abilities, such as automatically generate crypto config, a license check process and Caliper running environment check.
- Improved documentation, e.g.Ethereum adaptor configuration doc,docs for Caliper CLI and runtime configuration doc.

# Current Plans

Real time charts

high

Various reports generation

medium

Integrate with Grafana

High

Metrics extension

Low

Docker image

Medium

# Maintainer Diversity

Now the maintainers are from Huawei,Budapest University and IBM.

- Attila Klenik (Budapest University)
- Nick Lincoln (IBM)
- Yu Pan (Huawei)
- Feihu Jiang (Huawei)

# Contributor Diversity

There are 25 contributors from various companies/organisations such as Huawei, IBM, Intel, Soramitsu, Budapest University, Monax and the university of Oregon. And we are connecting with several companies now to try to attract more contributors.

# Additional Information

N/A

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
