1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 09 26 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Nov 03, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis
- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia), October 14-15, 2019 Moscow
- [Draft DCI Survey](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/DCI/DCI+Survey) open for feedback [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence)

### Items of discussion

- New members' topics of interest continues
  
  - [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
    
    - focus more on technical topics and discussions
    - also want to establish better expectations that apply to all projects
- Project lifecycle [Issue 6: Should we have subprojects (and fewer toplevel projects)?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321822)
  
  - Proposed Resolution 6.1 (No formal subproject)
  - Proposed Resolution 6.2 (Formally rescind top level projects that are really parts of another top level project and managed as such)

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q3 Smart Contracts WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Smart+Contracts+WG)
- [2019 Q3 Ursa Project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Ursa)
  
  - What kind of features would convince other projects to use Ursa
  - Writing it in Rust presents some challenges.
  - Fabric needs a FIPS certified library.
- [2019 Q3 Quilt Project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Quilt)
  
  - quilt progress is still going
- [2019 Q3 Caliper Project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Caliper)
  
  - no questions

### Upcoming items

- 2019 Q4 Architecture WG
- 2019 Q4 Fabric Project

### Backlog

- [TSC Term limits](TSC-Term-limits_21431714.html)
- [TSC Term length](TSC-Term-length_21431690.html)
- [TSC Size](TSC-Size_21430312.html)
- [TSC Quorum](TSC-Quorum_21431698.html)
- [TSC Co-chair/Vice-chair](21431694.html)
- [WGs scope](WGs-scope_21431725.html)
- [WGs product](WGs-product_21431731.html)
- [TSC Election voters selection](TSC-Election-voters-selection_21431702.html)
- [Subprojects not formally defined](Subprojects-not-formally-defined_21431719.html)
- [Decision Log](Decision-Log_21431740.html)
- [TSC Membership Diversity](TSC-Membership-Diversity_21430345.html)
- [Should the TSC have a secretary role?](21431769.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432288/21457519.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432288/21457394.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432288/21448609.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432288/21448608.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
