1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q1 Hyperledger Ursa

Created by Mike Lodder, last modified by Baohua Yang on Apr 10, 2019

# Project

Project Health

Interest in Ursa is growing with 10+ attendees at the biweekly meeting with many more asking questions on the #ursa channel in Rocket.Chat and the ursa mailing list. Version 0.1 release is expected by end of March.  We have a quite diverse group of maintainers and contributors, and both of these numbers are trending upward.  We hope and anticipate that this will continue as we push to support more Hyperledger DLT platforms.

# Issues

Our biggest concern right now is getting a CI/CD pipeline going.  Sovrin has created their own for Ursa for testing the features pertinent to them.  We still need to figure out a preferred location for artifact delivery either.

# Releases

Our first release (v0.1) is expected by end of March.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

- Indy-Crypto was merged into Ursa
- Sawtooth signing library was merged into Ursa
- Zmix skeleton framework was merged into Ursa
- 8 RFCs have been submitted to Ursa
- Signing implementations for secp256k1 and ed25519 have been implemented
- Drafts for encryption APIs are being curated.
- Drafts for ZMix in the works

# Current Plans

- Outline encryption APIs
- Outline signing APIs
- Outline hashing APIs
- Finish drafts for ZMix
- Add two ZKP signatures to ZMix (CL and BBS+)
- Add bulletproofs for range proofs and set membership proofs
- Add zksnarks for set membership proofs
- Get a CI/CD pipeline up
- Plan features for version 0.2 release
- Plan for python-ursa

# Maintainer Diversity

Current active maintainers

- Mike Lodder (Sovrin Foundation)
- Lovesh Harchandani (Evernym Inc.)
- Dave Huseby (Linux Foundation)
- Hart Montgomery (Fujitsu)
- Shawn Amundson (Bitwise)
- Dan Middleton (Intel)

New maintainer

- Cam Parra (Evernym Inc.)

# Contributor Diversity

Current Contributors

- Sovrin Foundation
- Evernym, Inc
- Intel
- Bitwise
- [Anonyome Labs, Inc.](https://anonyome.com/)
- IdentOS
- Jitsuin
- Fujitsu

We have contributors and maintainers primarily associated with both Indy and Sawtooth.  We are actively looking for contributors with deep knowledge of Fabric and Iroha.  If this is you, and you are interested, please join us!

# Additional Information

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
