1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 07 18 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

### Items of discussion

- Task Forces - Housekeeping
  
  - CI/CD? [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence)
    
    - Report has been delayed due to summer travel and open questions.
    - Report will happen before the board meeting.
  - Lifecycle?  [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
    
    - Split out the issues into individual pages on the wiki to invite comments and edits as we move forward.
      
      - [Project Lifecycle Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873309/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force)
    - Giving everybody another week if needed on the first bucket group.
      
      - Finalize and vote on issues [1](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321775), [4](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321776), [5](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321818), [7](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321829), and [8](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321833) at next week's TSC meeting.
    - The second bucket of group are tougher issues and the discussion is brisk.
      
      - Side note: comments get blown away when we restructure the wiki pages so comments have to be copy/pasted.
  - Working Groups? [Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence)
    
    - The working groups issues have been largely rolled into the project issues.
    - The problems faced in running working groups is that participation is decreasing. It's a function over time. They started with lots of enthusiasm and then fade over time.
      
      - It takes a great deal of work to keep a working group alive.
    - What actions does this task force need to take to make progress on getting things ready for the TSC to consider and vote on?
- [Diversity, Civility, and Inclusion Working Group Proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Diversity+Civility+and+Inclusion+Working+Group), [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence)  
  
  - [TSC mail list reference](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/topic/dci_working_group_proposal/32399834).
  - [Maintainers mail list reference](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/maintainers/message/2)

Vote on accepting the Diversity, Civility, and Inclusion WG Proposal

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris (absent)
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman (absent)
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis (absent)

Motion approved.

- Vipin has suggested that the identity workgroup as the test case for gathering metrics and measuring to support the DCI WG effort.
- [Contributors Summit](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2447)
  
  - The TSC will figure out the time and location.
  - Once that is decided HL staff will support facilitating.
  - [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence) requested an additional page to discuss the proposal for a 10/1-10/2 timeframe for the summit.
- The [Capital Markets SIG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/CMSIG/Capital+Markets+SIG) is now going. The first call was this week and Vipin invites everybody to join the group.

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q3 Hyperledger Iroha](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q3+Hyperledger+Iroha) Update
  
  - Integration with the local university is going well. Interns and lectures related to Iroha are happening.
  - Iroha switch to Ursa menteeship update.
    
    - The project is going well.
    - Iroha has switched over to Ursa and is fixing the unit tests before submitting he pull request.
    - The mentee is working part time and will be involved until October.
  - Question about the web assembly plans and how it relates to transact and sabre interrop.
    
    - Not sure about the exact integration but there is another project in the company to implement Polkadot that is driving the web assembly support.
    - They can consider integrating with Transact and Sabre (Sawtooth).
  - How many production deployments of Iroha exist?
    
    - There's a project related to wearable devices that is using Iroha for their backend.
    - There's another project related to medical information handling as well.
    - Typically the projects are pretty secretive at the moment and haven't gone public yet.\\
    - There is lots of engagement but not a lot that has been publicly announced.

### Upcoming items

- August 1st TSC meeting is cancelled due to half of the TSC being in Tokyo for the members' summit.
- Reports from CI/CD, WG structure, Project Lifecycle, and

### Backlog

- Github/Jira/Confluence integration to enable Open Planning and Ambassador program (Silona - TBD)
- CI/CD report (Dave Huseby - August 1st)
- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) ([Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- [Project Lifecycle Committee Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) ([Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - Date TBD)
- Project Pipeline Direction
- [Smart Contracts Diagram submitted by](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=6424415) [sterzi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ff2cf15692b790110faba1b?ref=confluence)
- Centralized decision record

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [18 JULY 2019 TSC.m4a](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432118/21457511.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432118/21448592.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
