1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q2 Hyperledger Iroha

Created by Sara Garifullina, last modified by Kelly Olson on Apr 18, 2019

# Project

Hyperledger Iroha

Project Health

During the last several months we released several Release Candidates, tested them and prepared Iroha's performance for the v1.0 release.

- Significantly reduced memory consumption
- Implemented load tests
- Moved to native client libraries
- Implemented peer interaction testing framework
- Performance improvements

Regarding the load tests, we have been using machines generously provided by CNCF [https://github.com/cncf/cluster/issues/109](https://github.com/cncf/cluster/issues/109) .

We received approval from TSC to move to v1.0! Community is active, questions are asked and answered. We've also got in contact with different developers after HK Bootcamp and very excited for the future contacts with them. 

We also have our own weekly call now! Join us every Wednesday at 10am GMT. 

# Issues

Still have DCO issue that is blocking the release. Diversity is not enough. 

# Releases

[Hyperledger Iroha v1.0 Release Candidate 3](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/releases/tag/1.0.0_rc3) - on February, 11th

[Hyperledger Iroha v1.0 Release Candidate 4](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/releases/tag/1.0.0_rc4) - on March, 1st

[Hyperledger Iroha v1.0 Release Candidate 4 Hotfix 1 version](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/releases/tag/1.0.0_rc4_hf1) - on March, 5th

[Hyperledger Iroha v1.0 Release Candidate 5](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/releases/tag/1.0.0_rc5) - on March, 21st

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

We had some active discussions regarding the release with active members of the HL community. Our maintainer attended HK Bootcamp and through that we've met HK HL Community and are having a remote meetup with them in a week, on April 24. Questions are being replied to in chats so more people could use Iroha in their work. We receive many questions about SDKs nowadays. 

We also fixed DCO issue that was blocking the release of 1.0 and had a HL Iroha meetup in Tokyo! 

# Current Plans

Release the production-ready version is a #1 goal for the team at the moment. We hope it will bring us new users and new contributors, make our community stronger. Projects built on Iroha are also being released into production. The plan for the nearest future is to make Iroha fully BFT and then start working on custom commands. Moreover, the following features are planned: include support for Ursa library, improve the granularity of permission model, introduce TLS node-node and client-node encryption, support for consistent network-wide configuration parameters stored in the ledger, stateful validation of genesis block, statistics API.

# Maintainer Diversity

No changes were made though we will be changing the maintainers list after the release, clarifying some rules for becoming a maintainer, which might help us diversify the community. 

# Contributor Diversity

Contributors are still mainly Soramitsu employees and some individual contributors also help us (for example, with translations).

After 1.0 we hope to diversify the community of contributors as well. 

Updates since the last report:

**Documentation and translation**

New contributors

Ivan ([ivan.gutierrez@tecnalia.com](mailto:ivan.gutierrez@tecnalia.com)) Spanish

Vadim ([reutskiy@soramitsu.co.jp](mailto:reutskiy@soramitsu.co.jp)) Russian

Mercedes Regueiro ([mercedes.enllave@gmail.com](mailto:mercedes.enllave@gmail.com)) Spanish

Zhenhua Zhao ([zhao.zhenhua@gmail.com](mailto:zhao.zhenhua@gmail.com)) Chinese (simplified)

Yang Cheng ([cystone@aliyun.com](mailto:cystone@aliyun.com)) Chinese (simplified)

Caozhao ([caozhao@gmail.com](mailto:caozhao@gmail.com)) Chinese (simplified)

Resetarsi ([resetarsi@gmail.com](mailto:resetarsi@gmail.com)) Korean

pikatos ([pikatos@gmail.com](mailto:pikatos@gmail.com)) French

Lira.lemur ([lira.lemur@gmail.com](mailto:lira.lemur@gmail.com)) Russian

**Code contributions**

Commits from 2019-01-23 to 2019-04-15: 139

Committers from 2019-01-23 to 2019-04-15: 19

Domains from 2019-01-23 to 2019-04-15: 8

# Additional Information

n/a

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
