1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 11 14 TSC Minutes

Created by Silona Bonewald, last modified by David Huseby on Jan 13, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Community Calendar re-org is underway.
  
  - Granted moderator status to all groups that have volunteered.
  - Remaining list of groups that need a volunteer.

### Decisions

1. [Working Group Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force) proposals:
   
   1. [WGs transition to TSIGs](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/WGs+transition+to+TSIGs)
   2. [WGs shall be dropped](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/WGs+shall+be+dropped)
   3. Counter proposal: [WGs' purpose set to information exchange rather than production of deliverables](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/WGs%27+purpose+set+to+information+exchange+rather+than+production+of+deliverables)
   4. **VOTE**: No to a and b, yes to c as proposed. Seconded. Nays: 1, Abstaining: 0, Yeas: 9. **APPROVED.**

### Items of discussion

- [TSC Election voters selection](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+voters+selection)
  
  - Last election process: git commit crawler from Tracy, nominations from SIGs and WGs, and self-nominations by Google form.
- [Besu: ready for active status?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24772633)
  
  - Doing this so quickly is a bit of a challenge because of the diversification of the contributors and companies that support the project.
- What is the role of WG/SIGs if somebody wants to publish a paper through Hyperledger?

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Performance and Scalability WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q4+Performance+and+Scale+WG)
  
  - Defining metrics for provenance use cases for supply chain.
  - Interested in a WG reboot and how that can help maintain enthusiasm and contributions.
- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Transact](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q4+Hyperledger+Transact)
  
  - Anybody tracking CVEs related to the various implementations?
    
    - Will look into it.
  - Are there any examples being worked on?
    
    - Examples are being worked on.
- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Cello](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q4+Hyperledger+Cello)
  
  - Noticed a 1.0 release. Is that a planned release? Did the TSC approve it? Are they working towards 1.0?

### Upcoming items

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [tsc-20191114parta.mp4](#)
- [tsc-20191114partb.mp4](#)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
