1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 10 31 TSC Minutes

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Oct 31, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom 

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

### Items of discussion

1. Debrief of [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019?src=breadcrumbs-parent) - where are we on gathering of reports?
   
2. [Common Repo structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Common+Repo+structure)
   
   1. Chris volunteered to organize a task force to study the issue.
   2. New task force page to be created in the [Task Forces space](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF).
   3. Outcome: pending tasking force recommendation.
3. [Decision Log](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Decision+Log)
   
   1. Tracy created a template here and organization top level page for a formal [Decision Log](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Decision+Log)
   2. Dan motion to approve the use of Tracy's template. Hart second.
      
      1. Vote: 0 nay, 0 abstaining, unanimously approved.
   3. Outcome: resolved.
4. [TSC Election voters selection](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+voters+selection)
   
   1. Outcome: pending ongoing discussion.

### Quarterly updates

- [2019 Q4 Hyperledger Indy](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q4%20Hyperledger%20Indy)

### Upcoming items

### Backlog

- [WGs scope](WGs-scope_21431725.html)
- [WGs product](WGs-product_21431731.html)
- [TSC Election voters selection](TSC-Election-voters-selection_21431702.html)
- [Subprojects not formally defined](Subprojects-not-formally-defined_21431719.html)
- [Decision Log](Decision-Log_21431740.html)
- [TSC Membership Diversity](TSC-Membership-Diversity_21430345.html)
- [Security reporting policy on GH repos](Security-reporting-policy-on-GH-repos_21430398.html)
- [TSC Election observers](TSC-Election-observers_21434687.html)
- [Move Besu from Incubation to Active status](Move-Besu-from-Incubation-to-Active-status_21437283.html)
- [MAINTAINERS file content](MAINTAINERS-file-content_21430400.html)
- [Common Repo structure](Common-Repo-structure_21437289.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437424/21457399.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21437424/21449242.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
