1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Hyperledger Projects](Hyperledger-Projects_21447704.html)
4. [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
5. [2019 Project Updates](2019-Project-Updates_21447735.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 Q3 Hyperledger Cello

Created by Baohua Yang, last modified on Nov 07, 2019

2019 Q3 Hyperledger Cello

# Project

- [Hyperledger Cello](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello)

# Project Health

Project health is largely the same as in previous update. The community is making  changes to make Cello more of a production ready tool. Features and capabilities are now more based on common use cases and behaviors of the Blockchain applications. Weekly meetings often see 10+ participates and often run about 60 minutes due to discussions and questions.

# Issues

There are no major issues at this time. There is increasing requirement for the new features of the planed v1.0.0 release.

# Releases

- v0.9.0: Support v1.1/v1.2 fabric in k8s agent, Add v1.3 capabilities to ansible agent.
- v1.0.0: Most of the changes to the project are towards this release. We like to be very cautious and prudent on this release and will not rush it out.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

- Ansible agent continued with many features additions:
  
  - Continue working on Interop artifacts generation, join request, orderering system endpoints and certificates integration
- Added agent creation function on user dashboard
- Adding Fabric K8S operators with the Intership
- Talk with Justitia proposal submmitter to bring the proposed functions/idea into cello and/or basically merge its work into Cello
- Keep working on the new governing model and relevant APIs.
- Based new and future cello work on fabric 1.4.2 (community decision)
- Designed and implemented the new dashboard for the new APIs.
- Updated the document for the new architecture.
- Bug fixes.

# Current Plans

Use new framework to unify all the user interface panelsHigh

Organize and manage fabric network dynamically

High

Adopt the Interop working group channel expansion method

MediumSupport HLF 1.4 LTS and later version (The ansible agent part is finished)Medium

# Maintainer Diversity

Current there are 4 maintainers, and those active developers who contribute to cello continuously (3 month) will be nominated.

- Baohua Yang (Oracle)
- Haitao Yue (IBM)
- Tong Li (IBM)
- Jiahao Chen (VMware)

# Contributor Diversity

Contributions to the projects maintain the similar rate as Q2. Lot of discussions on bringing user management components from a third party which already has the function in their product.

# Additional Information

N/A

# Reviewed by

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
