1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 09 05 TSC minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- The results of the 2019-2020 TSC elections are:
  
  - [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
  - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
  - [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)
  - [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence)
  - [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
  - [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
  - [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
  - [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
  - [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence)
  - [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
  - [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)
- [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Maintainer+Summit+October+8-10%2C+2019) Minneapolis
  
  - Please register ASAP.
  - Please add anything to the agenda you want to be considered.
- [BootCamp Russia](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/RU/BootCamp+Russia), October 14-15, 2019 Moscow
  
  - Get a visa sooner rather than later.

### Items of discussion

- Discussing expanding the TSC
  
  - Is it possible to expand the TSC without amending the charter?
  - Can we have a second election to choose a few more members at large?
  - We need to get some advice on the correct way forward on how to expand and choose new people.
- Conclude [Pipeline](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Project+Lifecycle+Task+Force) decisions if possible.
  
  - [Issue 2: What are the criteria for a "First Major Release"?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321784)
    
    - This is important to defining what is the "Hyperledger way"
    - How do we feel about level of quality since we're supposed to be doing "enterprise level" work.
    - Fabric's 1.0 release included a review of outstanding JIRA's to ensure that no high/critical JIRA's remained.
    - No security defects for sure.
    - Does this imply that it is version 1.0? No, because some projects are mature.
    - Technical criteria reorganized at the bottom.
    - The TSC must vote on allowing/accepting a first major release. Proposal amended.
    - **VOTE:** 0 opposed. 0 abstaining. All in favor: unanimous. (please note that [Silas Davis](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:d55a403b-c79b-4e5b-b125-198c40708e53?ref=confluence) expressed a desire to vote "no" as a purely symbolic gesture to break his perfect "yes" voting record.)
  - [Issue 3: What criteria/steps/policies must releases after the First Major Release adhere to?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321788)
    
    - Major semver should be used as the guide.
    - How does the TSC handle the application of Semver? Does this mean the TSC will have to police the version numbers closely?
    - The TSC wants to reserve the right to have oversight on what is considered a major release.
    - Can "major release" be something other than a major semver change (e.g. 0.x to 1.x, or 1.x to 2.x)?
    - **VOTE:** 0 opposed. -0 abstaining. All in favor: unanimous.
  - Saving for discussion next time: [Issue 6: Should we have subprojects (and fewer toplevel projects)?](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=16321822)
    
    - Please look at the proposal and comment.

### Quarterly updates

### Upcoming items

- Quarterly updates
  
  - [2019 Q2 Smart Contracts WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2019+Q2+Smart+Contracts+WG)

### Backlog

- [Working Group Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TF/Working+Group+Task+Force)
- Centralized decision record

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432245/21457392.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432245/21457517.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432245/21448604.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21432245/21448603.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
