1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2019](2019_21448546.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2019 02 14 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones on Oct 01, 2019

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250)![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis
  

Resources:

- Chat:  [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ([use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA))
- Github:  [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki:  [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net)/
- Public lists:  [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings:  [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Silona:
  
  - Need more mentors for the [internship program](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/INTERN). Contact Silona or Min.
  - Quilt reboot initial meetings happened.
    
    - Next meeting next week.
    - Bringing on members of other projects to advise on how to best move forward.
    - Interledger protocol or any other cross-ledger protocols?

### Items of discussion

- Revisiting the incoming frameworks guidelines.
  
  - [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1931](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1931)
  - [Rough Draft - New Project Proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Rough+Draft+-+New+Project+Proposal)
    
    - please add your comments on the criteria we should include.
  - Keep receiving proposals for code bases wanting to join Hyperledger.
  - The guidelines will help with the screening process in the beginning.
  - This is designed to differentiate between frameworks, apps, etc.
  - Any topics or criteria that should be included?
    
    - Is it a multi-stakeholder project? Now that we have labs, that should be where code bases grow to include multiple stakeholders before graduating into a project.
    - What will the TSC be considering with new frameworks going forward.
    - Multi-stakeholder/diversity aspect is fundamental to a potential new project to be considered to be a project rather than a lab.
    - Graduation from a lab to project hinges a lot on multi-stakeholder interest in the project.
    - Uniqueness is of less concern because we can use Hyperledger as a place to consolidate similar projects.
      
      - We do **not** want to be a dumping ground for failed ICO platforms.
    - Default to directing code bases to a lab, except if they are an established project with a diversity of stakeholders.
    - Labs don't necessarily provide access to tools and marketing resources making growth a little more difficult.
      
      - Informal decision: labs should be able to request access to tools as they need it. No customization. Just use what you get in Github.
      - We need a feel that there is a real project going on before a lab graduates to a project. We should minimize the amount of resources invested.
    - What criteria do people think are reasonable for skipping labs and straight to a project?
      
      - Is it coming in as a multi-vendor active project or is a project from scratch?
        
        - Project from scratch should be a lab first.
        - Multi-vendor, active project should be a project.
        - Projects that have been incubated as part/feature in an existing project and now needs to be split off is a third category of potential project.
      - Is there a template for labs proposals with a checklist?
        
        - Yes. Is it sufficient? We should review it.
- [Role of lab sponsors](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1862) wording
  
  - Looking for comments from the community.
  - Labs require a labs sponsor and we need to make sure that we have a solid set of expectations for a sponsor.
  - Kelly: Arnaud's definition is consistent with his understanding of a lab sponsor role.
  - +1 Chris Ferris
  - Informal decision: no objections so we accept the definition as is.
- [APAC bootcamp](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/BOOTHK/BootCamp+-+Hong+Kong)
  
  - Set for Hong Kong, March 7-8
  - Opened up registration and was sold out in less than 24 hours.
    
    - We're trying to expand the number of attendees.
    - Still have slots available for session leaders
  - Slots are filling up with sessions.
  - Most materials for the bootcamp are being created as reusable materials for future bootcamps.
    
    - Plans to translate the materials for non-English speaking bootcamps.
- [Contributors](https://wiki2.hyperledger.org/display/events/Maintainers+Summits) [Summit](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/events/Contributors+Summits)
  
  - Still in discussions with the events team to find a time and location for it.
  - Kelly: are we still looking to append this to the members summit in Japan this summer?
    
    - Not currently but was considering a day of unconference at the members' summit for this.
    - There's a desire to have them both together to make (international) travel easier for attendees.
    - We were looking at having the contributors' summit in Canada.
    - Can we still look into having the contributors' summit at a less expensive venue in conjunction with the members' summit.
      
      - Soramitsu, Hitachi, and NEC may have spaces we can use for the contributors' meeting.
- Bootcamps in India and Brazil
  
  - Still in discussions with the events team to find a time and location for them.
  - Brazil is likely to be in the May time frame.
- Election of New Chair for [Learning Materials Dev WG](https://wiki2.hyperledger.org/display/LMDWG)
  
  - Include ask of TSC for projects to send a representative to LMGD group
  - Sent email to email list about voting
  - Tabling until next week.

### Quarterly updates

- [Hyperledger Burrow](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=HYP&title=2019%20Q1%20Hyperledger%20Burrow)
  
  - Have had a couple of fixes releases plus some new features.
  - Dump and restore has been added.
    
    - Allows for backwards incompatible changes without losing the state from the previous change.
    - Dump old chain state. Start new chain. Restore from previous dump so that the genesis block contains old state.
    - There's a plan to create a Fork Tx to mark where a chain has been dumped and forked.
  - Changes to new proposal system.
    
    - Runs transactions in proposal mode but doesn't record the changes until there have been enough votes.
  - Looking at storing ABI's on chain instead of files.
    
    - Knowing a contract address is all that is needed to look up a contract and call it.
    - Just need to know the name of the contract.
  - Planning on adding primitives for token economics.
  - Planning to add WASM VM in burrow to add support for executing WASM contracts.
  - Contributions from IBM that fix a few bugs.
  - Questions:
    
    - Are you intending to replace the EVM engine with the WASM engine?
      
      - The intention is to eventually use the WASM VM as the execution environment.
    - What is the higher level language that your users will be using?
      
      - Solidity will still be the language used.
      - Solang compiler is in prototype phase. It is a front end for LLVM written in Rust. Intention is to compile Solidity to WASM.
    - Arnaud: I would like to know more about Blackstone.
      
      - It is an API for running BPN on the blockchain using Solidity.
      - Allows users to implement legal agreements on a blockchain.
      - Written in Solidity so it should run on anything that uses Solidity.
      - Thinking they want to make it part of Hyperledger at some point.
- [Hyperledger Performance and Scalability WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19599510/2019+Q1+Performance+and+Scale+WG)
  
  - There was a discussion with Stack and there is an opportunity to work together to develop a benchmark.
  - Would we need legal agreements between Hyperledger and Stack?
  - Would we be jointly developing a standard benchmark?
  - Do we want to get involved and try to steer the effort in a direction we like or should we stay out of it and risk getting a benchmark that nobody likes?
  - We should probably stay involved since we care a lot about scalability and performance.
  - Questions:
    
    - Kelly: How aligned is the PSWG with the Caliper project?
      
      - No response. Nobody from Caliper present.

### Upcoming items

- Hyperledger Composer from 29 October 2018 (remember submit here [TSC Project Updates](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/TSC+Project+Updates))
- Hyperledger Quilt from 10 January (remember submit here [TSC Project Updates](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/TSC+Project+Updates))

### Recordings

- [Audio and Video](#)
- [Audio](#)
- [Chat log](attachments/21431890/21448555.txt)

### Backlog

- Project Readiness for 1.0
- What does Vendor Diversity mean?

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/21431890/21448555.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431890/21457494.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21431890/21448554.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
