1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 04 23 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Apr 23, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

### Items of discussion

- [Common Repo Structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Common+Repo+structure)
  
  - Proposal to use repolinter and to have a common set of files and structure that every repo has.
  - [Hyperledger Repolinter](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-community-management-tools/tree/master/repo_structure)
  - Haven't started enforcing compliance to the structure.
  - How can we increase compliance with the standard?
  - How specific should we define the standard?
  - Suggestions:
    
    - Links wherever possible.
    - Hash checks seem fragile.
    - Ask teams to give status on their common repo structure compliance in their quarterly report.
    - Content of the files
      
      - We won't check on the content but just check existence
- [Blockchain Integration Framework (BIF) proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxylkfVKG_zdNfuzhrmhnYAM_eROwLsoLgIp3XjKNr0/edit)
  
  - [Trust Use Case](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/attachment/2977/1/TrustUsecase20200421.pdf) (PDF)

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q2 Hyperledger Iroha](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q2+Hyperledger+Iroha)
  
  - Please notify the project of an upcoming quarterly report earlier. One week ahead isn't early enough to get the report together and still give the TSC enough time to review it before the TSC meeting to discuss it.
  - Maintainers policy? Can the Iroha team create their own or will they have to follow a general policy that applies to the whole TSC.
  - Code of conduct? Part of the common repository structure discussion.

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)
- [2020 TSC Working Group update calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Working+Group+update+calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439200/21457415.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439200/21457642.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439200/21450839.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439200/21450840.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
