1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 02 06 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Feb 06, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [2020 02 06 TSC Minutes](2020-02-06-TSC-Minutes_21438523.html)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Reminder DCI Survey is live: [https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/DCIWGsurvey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/DCIWGsurvey)
  
  This is the FUNNEST community survey ever!
  
  And it's just a couple minutes to help the community.
  
  You can even do it while Arnaud is talking (j/k Arnaud ![(smile)](images/icons/emoticons/smile.png) )
- Anyone can suggest a TABLE DISCUSSION for Hyperledger Global Forum. Please sign up here! [BOF tables](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HGF/pages/22708299/BOF+tables) ([Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence) )

### Quarterly updates

- 2020 Q1 Architecture WG
- [2020 Q1 Iroha](2020-Q1-Hyperledger-Iroha_21438517.html)
- 2020 Q1 Performance and Scale WG

PROBLEM: it is not sending out reminders

Needs more lead time - like more than a week before [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

Did we cancel workgroups having quarterly reports? [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)

Voted on [Working Group Quarterly Reports](Working-Group-Quarterly-Reports_21438563.html) - **Created and PASSED**

"Working Groups that are purely discussion groups do not need to submit quarterly reports unless they have a deliverable(s) or Task Force(s)."

### Decisions - For discussions please see the recording below.

- [Replace "Major Releases" with "Promoted Releases"](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24779174)
  
  - Move to adopt - [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)
  - Seconded -  [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
  - **Vote Results:**
  - [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence) - out
  - [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence) - mute??
  - [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence) -yes
  - [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence) - yes
  - [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence) - absent
  - **Passes**
- [Common Repo structure](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Common+Repo+structure) Decision
  
  - For details see the TASK FORCE [Repository Structure Task Force](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873585/Repository+Structure+Task+Force)
  - Need to make sure the Decision log and the Task Force match [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence) says he will take care of it.
  - How to define what is Required and what is Nice to have [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)
  - Need to reflect/socialize to Maintainers before adopting [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
  - Are links ok or need to Copy paste? can it be automated so cut and paste is updated? [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence)
  - Does this apply to labs? [Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence)
  - How to run this on my repo? [Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence)
  - Labs disclaimer? [Mic Bowman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:38b65256-bc81-41b7-bc8d-23f728855f5a?ref=confluence)
  - Different securities file for labs [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) 07 Feb 2020
  - Concerns about config file drift from [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)
  - Please add details to the Decision log!

### Items of discussion

- [TSC Election voters selection](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+voters+selection)
- [TSC Election observers](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+observers)

CA team stressed that they are giving requirements to the LFIT team for future software development so the sooner the better in regards to decisions being made.

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)
- [2020 TSC Working Group update calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Working+Group+update+calendar)

### Backlog

[TSC Decision Log](TSC-Decision-Log_21437418.html)

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438523/21457407.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438523/21457633.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438523/21450271.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438523/21450272.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
