1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 03 26 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Mar 26, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Groups.io calendar integration with the Google Calendar appears to be fixed and all events should be reflected in the [community calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings) now.
  
  - SIG chairs, WG chairs, and team maintainers should double check to see if all of their events are in the [community calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings).

### Items of discussion

- [Move Besu from Incubation to Active status](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Move+Besu+from+Incubation+to+Active+status)
  
  - Roll Call Vote:
    
    - Angelo De Caro, yes
    - Arnaud J Le Hors, yes
    - Christopher Ferris, yes
    - Dan Middleton
    - Gari Singh
    - Hart Montgomery, yes
    - Mark Wagner, yes
    - Nathan George, yes
    - Swetha Repakula, yes
    - Tracy Kuhrt
    - Troy Ronda, yes
  - Issue passes.
- [Long Term Agenda - Framing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Long+Term+Agenda+-+Framing)
  
  - Plan for the governing docs using a github repo.
  - Ry set up a Github repo and is moving it forward.
- [Security reporting policy on GH repos](Security-reporting-policy-on-GH-repos_21430398.html)
  
  - Security bug handling changes are behind the scenes and only affects the security@ mailing list volunteers.
  - Comments added, recommendation to close this item out without concerning the TSC.
- Interop Discussion
  
  - How do we motivate people to collaborate with each other on common modules?
  - There are language barriers that are still a concern (e.g. Go calling Rust and vice versa)
  - We're seeing large–but not complete–overlap between components (e.g. Transact and Fabric validator).
    
    - In some cases potential common component solutions don't actually meet the needs of other projects and aren't actually good interop solutions.
  - We don't really agree on where the integration points should be, let alone how they should be done.

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q1 Hyperledger Besu](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q1+Hyperledger+Besu)
- 2020 Q1 Hyperledger Caliper

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)
- [2020 TSC Working Group update calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Working+Group+update+calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439010/21457639.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439010/21457412.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439010/21450710.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439010/21450709.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
