1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 10 22 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Ry Jones on Oct 22, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [María Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- Mark Wagner
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Welcome to the new TSC!
  
  - 8 incumbents + 7 new members
  - Improved diversity: gender, geography, projects and WGs representation
- Short Intro for new members

### Items of discussion

- Approve new DCI WG Chair [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence) to introduce [Lindsay Nuon](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:859daf4f-be21-49da-aceb-8a8d6afa8f0c?ref=confluence)
  
  - Tracy moved to approve Lindsay, seconded:
    
    - 10 votes for, 4 abstain, 1 absent.
    - Motion carries
- TSC Election 2020-2021 lessons learned
  
  - What went well
    
    - The transparency was greatly improved this year
    - The scripted approach made the election process as predictable as possible. It also makes the election re-playable next year.
  - What didn't go well
    
    - Email deliverability from the CIVS election tool was really poor due to technical limitations of the tool.
  - Suggestions
    
    - Next year use a different voting tool that has better email deliverability.
    - Publish election information in more places such as working group pages and mailing lists and work more closely with WG chairs and project maintainers to get the word out more actively.
    - Do a better job of trying to avoid holidays for the voting period.
- New TSC members ideas/suggestions
  
  - Run a survey to ask the community how the TSC has been doing and what the TSC could do better and should focus more on.
  - Do a better job of seeking feedback from projects on the TSC priorities and performance.
  - Meeting recordings are priceless and could be linked to by something like the developer newsletter.
  - TSC members could reach out to a few people in the community to do informational interviews to solicit feedback when surveys don't receive many replies.
- Leveraging Insights for quarterly reports
  
  - Use the same pattern as below to gather the data for the relevant quarter for your project:
    
    - [https://lfanalytics.io/projects/hyperledger/fabric/dashboard;subTab=technical?time={"from":"2020-07-01T07:00:00.000Z","type":"absolute","to":"2020-10-01T07:00:00.000Z"}](https://lfanalytics.io/projects/hyperledger%2Ffabric/dashboard;subTab=technical?time=%7B%22from%22%3A%222020-07-01T07%3A00%3A00.000Z%22%2C%22type%22%3A%22absolute%22%2C%22to%22%3A%222020-10-01T07%3A00%3A00.000Z%22%7D)
  - Add this to the quarterly project report to make it available to TSC members reviewing the report.
- Volunteers to work on the following?
  
  - [Rollover of projects tied to a single other project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Rollover+of+projects+tied+to+a+single+other+project)
  - [Project maturity metrics](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/3152)

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Fabric](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q4+Hyperledger+Fabric)
- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Sawtooth](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q4+Hyperledger+Sawtooth)
- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Iroha](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q4+Hyperledger+Iroha)

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440534/21457429.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440534/21457655.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440534/21452174.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440534/21452175.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
