1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 02 27 TSC minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Feb 27, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [2020 02 27 TSC minutes](2020-02-27-TSC-minutes_21438785.html)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Sub-committee (~10 volunteers) to review this year's mentorship project proposals. Email [myu@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:myu@linuxfoundation.org) by **March 5th** to participate in this subcommittee ([Min Yu](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:22a335e5-16cf-47ea-b790-9b26733f7597?ref=confluence))
  
  - [Review process and criteria](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/INTERN/Project+Proposal)
  - [Proposals received](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/INTERN/2020+Projects) (proposal submission deadline to extend to March 8th so this can be highlighted and promoted at Global Forum)
  - Pushed deadline out a week so that we can discuss projects further during the Hyperledger Global Forums

### Items of discussion

- Overview of ewasm, significance in ethereum community and technology hurdles ([Bob Summerwill](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:7aeb523c-4c78-43a5-9c06-ed430e5b03ff?ref=confluence) 10-15 min)
  
  - [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/attachment/2907/0/Bob%20Summerwill%20notes%20on%20Ethereum%20LLVM.pdf](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/attachment/2907/0/Bob%20Summerwill%20notes%20on%20Ethereum%20LLVM.pdf)
- Solang [project proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/Solang+Solidity+Compiler) ([Sean Young](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5cc8a4189e366e0e6582a2da?ref=confluence))
- Architecture discussions back into TSC and getting to a Hyperledger 2021 roadmap/vision.
  
  - [Long Term Agenda - Framing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Long+Term+Agenda+-+Framing)

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q1 Hyperledger Transact](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/HYP/2020+Q1+Hyperledger+Transact)

### Upcoming items

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438785/21457410.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438785/21457636.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438785/21450481.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438785/21450482.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
