1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 08 20 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Huseby on Aug 20, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- [TSC Election](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/TSC+Election+2020-2021) Announcement
  
  - Now in the process of updating eligibility lists.
    
    - 16 Aug 2020 - 30 Aug 2020 The community architects will be running the [eligibility scripts](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-community-management-tools/tree/master/get_contributors) daily to gather the email addresses of contributors and [updating the eligibility check site](https://hyperledger-labs.github.io/voters/).
  - Thank you to all that have responded to emails about their primary email address.

### Items of discussion

- How do we manage projects that were meant to be used by several projects but are not?
- If we can't agree on a general policy should we tackle this question on case by case basis such as Transact, Explorer, Grid?

### Quarterly updates

- 2020 Q3 Hyperledger Burrow
- 2020 Q3 Hyperledger Cello
- 2020 Q3 Hyperledger Quilt

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439955/21457650.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439955/21457424.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439955/21451595.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21439955/21451594.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
