1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 03 19 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Mar 19, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- Arnaud J Le Hors
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Gari Singh
- Hart Montgomery
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- Swetha Repakula
- Tracy Kuhrt
- Troy Ronda

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

### Items of discussion

- Security reporting policy.
  
  - Github now fully supports handling security bugs the way we want it to work.
  - The only concern was directing security bug reports to security@ mailing list instead of Github issues.
    
    - Can be solve with training materials.
  - [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence) [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) and [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence) to create proposal to use it for security issues and a separate proposal for moving away from JIRA to Github issues entirely.
- [Long Term Agenda - Framing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Long+Term+Agenda+-+Framing)
  
  - [James Barry](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5eac6d069ce9ee0b8957d517?ref=confluence) [William Katsak](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b4ec0925-0ec6-4473-8808-669c8af3f950?ref=confluence)Â to present part of their HGF talk (~25min)
  - Link to presentation [TSC- Blockchains Become Composable - Final - Taekion 3-19-2020.pdf](attachments/21438960/21450651.pdf)
  - What would a Hyplerledger stack look like today and tomorrow?
    
    - How can we decompose blockchains into constituent pieces to build up solutions for each workload.
    - We're already starting to see pluggable components breaking out (e.g. Transact and Ursa) but what about other pieces of blockchains?
    - Why don't we have well defined abstractions for consensus, crypto, block storage, smart contracts, etc...
    - Standardizing on API's would take serious effort and collaboration.

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q1 Hyperledger Grid](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q1+Hyperledger+Grid)
  
  - Comments by Duncan Johnston-Watt: concerned that there's a dependency on Splinter that is entirely governed by Cargill.
  - Splinter is Apache 2.0 licensed.
  - James Barry: multiple projects now depending on Splinter: Sawtooth, Grid, and Transact.
  - It looks like in this case these projects are built to run on top of Splinter instead of having a strong dependency on Splinter but the broader community is concerned that the dependency may become stronger.
  - This is something we'll probably have to look into closer.

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)
- [2020 TSC Working Group update calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Working+Group+update+calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [2020 03 19 TSC.m4a](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [TSC- Blockchains Become Composable - Final - Taekion 3-19-2020.pdf](attachments/21438960/21450651.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438960/21457638.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21438960/21450657.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
