1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 11 05 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Nov 05, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Mar√≠a Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- Mark Wagner
- Nathan George
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- Each week we build a developer focused newsletter that we are trying to "crowdsource" from our community.
  
  - To add something to a newsletter, please add comments to the upcoming newsletter page.
  - The newsletters are built here: [Developer Newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DR/pages/17170485/2020)

### Items of discussion

- [Add Insights dashboard reference to quarterly reports](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Add+Insights+dashboard+reference+to+quarterly+reports)
  
  - Vote: 12 yes, 2 abstain. Approved.
- [Rollover of projects tied to a single other project](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/Rollover+of+projects+tied+to+a+single+other+project)
- Allowing new projects under the Hyperledger / technical stack
- Working Group responsibilities and bringing in technical (non-governance) aspects to the TSC meetings
- Open ended questions (time permitting)

### Quarterly updates

- 2020 Q4 Hyperledger Indy
- [2020 Q4 Technical Working Group China Report](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+Q4+Technical+Working+Group+China)
- 2020 Q4 Hyperledger Burrow

### Upcoming items

- [2020 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/TSC/2020+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

### Backlog

### Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440613/21457430.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440613/21457656.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440613/21452251.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21440613/21452252.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
