1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2020](2020_21450029.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2020 12 10 TSC Minutes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Dec 11, 2020

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro) (7:00am - 8:00am PT)

via Zoom

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

TSC Members

Present?

- Angelo De Caro
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [María Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

Resources:

- Chat: [chat.hyperledger.org](http://chat.hyperledger.org/) ( [use your LFID to login](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA) )
- Github: [www.github.com/hyperledger](http://www.github.com/hyperledger)
- Wiki: [wiki.hyperledger.org](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net) /
- Public lists: [lists.hyperledger.org](https://lists.hyperledger.org)
- Meetings: [wiki.hyperledger.org/community/calendar-public-meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/community/calendar-public-meetings)

### Announcements

- This is the last call for 2020

### Items of discussion

- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence) pointed out that many quarterly reports ask for help getting more contributions
  
  - [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence) pointed out the monthly marketing devrel sync
  - [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) mentions the /dev/weekly newsletter is also available
  - A discussion ensued
- [Learning Materials Development WG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/LMDWG)
  
  - [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) presented on behalf of the working group
  - Lots of resources for all projects - updated every day
  - Meetings every Monday - please attend!
- [DCI working group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC)
  
  - [Lindsay Nuon](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:859daf4f-be21-49da-aceb-8a8d6afa8f0c?ref=confluence) was unable to attend to discuss, next call
- Collaborating with other projects
  
  - [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence) is looking for ways to collaborate with other open source projects

### Quarterly updates

- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Grid](2020-Q4-Hyperledger-Grid_21440815.html)
- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Quilt](2020-Q4-Hyperledger-Quilt_21440851.html)
- [2020 Q4 Hyperledger Besu](2020-Q4-Hyperledger-Besu_21440901.html)

### Recordings

- [2020 12 10 TSC.m4a](#)
- [2020 12 10 TSC.mp4](#)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
