1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 01 28 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Arnaud J LE HORS on Apr 08, 2021

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Hyperledger+Mentorship+Program)
  
  - [please review 2021 program schedule](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Hyperledger+Mentorship+Program#HyperledgerMentorshipProgram-2021ProgramTimeline*)
  - [submit a project proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects) between now and March 11
  - we're looking to select and fund 20-25 projects this year

## Quarterly reports

- [2021 Q1 Hyperleder Fabric](2021-Q1-Hyperledger-Fabric_21441057.html)
- [2021 Q1 Hyperledger Sawtooth](2021-Q1-Hyperledger-Sawtooth_21441049.html)

## Upcoming reports

- [2021 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Presentation

## Discussion

- Ry: The Common Repo Structure was approved by the [TSC on 13 FEB 2020](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Common+Repo+structure). Only one repo, Caliper, has a repolinter.json in place.
- There are 129 repos with a master branch as default, 56 repos with non-master default branches; how to incentivize moving to main?
- [Project Badging Proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~shemnon/Project+Badging+Proposal)
- Adopting a common set of labels such as "help wanted", "good first issue"?

## Backlog

TitleStatus[Project maturity metrics / Badging](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21440607/Project+maturity+metrics+Badging)

PROPOSED 

[DCO and Pseudonyms](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21430435/DCO+and+Pseudonyms)

PROPOSED 

## Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

Attended by:

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- Maria Teresa Nieto
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441021/21457435.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441021/21457661.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441021/21452769.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441021/21452770.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
