1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 05 27 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified by Nicko Guyer on May 28, 2021

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The monthly [devrel call is 02-JUN, which next next week.](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/viewevent?repeatid=26090&eventid=1151793&calstart=2021-06-02)
- Reminder: The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- Dev-rel Marketing call - Tuesday, June 2, 9am PT: [Join us!](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/x/xJckAQ)
- Registered for #HyperledgerForum? Please consider sharing to your networks w/ this click-to-tweet: [https://ctt.ac/8G3qF](https://ctt.ac/8G3qF)

## Quarterly reports

- 2021 Q2 Hyperledger Burrow
- [2021 Q2 Hyperledger Grid](2021-Q2-Hyperledger-Grid_21441929.html)
- [2021 Q2 Hyperledger Transact](2021-Q2-Hyperledger-Transact_21441917.html)

## Upcoming reports

- [2021 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Discussion

- [Hyperledger Firefly proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GR-YSlGPlVNpMIyikk9EJciTyrO2INwMpR9vrOrcbP0/edit)
  
  - Presentation [pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JeCALQ3TexBnHMPlQwt3ZiszoJfsoF51/view?usp=sharing)
- Moving [Hyperledger Quilt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/quilt/overview) to [Dormant state](https://tsc.hyperledger.org/project-lifecycle.html#dormant)
- Connector/Plugin project? See [Tracy's question](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GR-YSlGPlVNpMIyikk9EJciTyrO2INwMpR9vrOrcbP0/edit?disco=AAAAIitYuQ8)
- [Common Repo structure](Common-Repo-structure_21437289.html)
  
  - Proposal: amend resolution from "Each repo will add the same repolint.json file" to "When possible, each repo will use the same [repolint.json](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-community-management-tools/blob/main/repo_structure/repolint.json) file"
- [Create Contributor Experience WG](Create-Contributor-Experience-WG_21430608.html)

## Backlog

TitleStatus[DCI Working Group: Inclusive Naming Proposal](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441150/DCI+Working+Group+Inclusive+Naming+Proposal)

APPROVED 

[Project maturity metrics / Badging](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21440607/Project+maturity+metrics+Badging)

PROPOSED 

[DCO Validation During Contribution Review](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441467/DCO+Validation+During+Contribution+Review)

PROPOSED 

[DCO and Pseudonyms](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21430435/DCO+and+Pseudonyms)

PROPOSED 

## Recordings

- [27 MAY 2021 TSC.m4a](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

Attended by:

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [María Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- Mark Wagner
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- Troy Ronda

## Attachments

FireFly Proposal Doc v0.2

[![](attachments/thumbnails/21441875/21453748)](attachments/21441875/21453748.docx)

This file has been attached here to capture the comment history from Google Docs before the proposal was transitioned to GitHub: [https://github.com/kaleido-io/firefly-hyperledger-hip/blob/gh-pages/HIPs/firefly.md](https://github.com/kaleido-io/firefly-hyperledger-hip/blob/gh-pages/HIPs/firefly.md)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441875/21457676.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Hyperledger Firefly Proposal v0.2.docx](attachments/21441875/21453748.docx) (application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441875/21453728.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
