1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 05 06 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified on May 09, 2021

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- Reminder: The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- Hyperledger Global Forum project overviews/AMAs as part of the agenda
- Registered for #HyperledgerForum? Please consider sharing to your networks w/ this click-to-tweet: [https://ctt.ac/8G3qF](https://ctt.ac/8G3qF)
- [Blockchain Interoperability work (re)starting in Architecture WG](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/architecture-wg/message/273?p=%2C%2C%2C20%2C0%2C0%2C0%3A%3Acreated%2C0%2C%2C1%2C2%2C0%2C273)
- Also looking at restarting activity in the Performance and Scale WG – [join the list for discussion about next steps](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/perf-and-scale-wg).

## Quarterly reports

- [2021 Q1 Hyperledger Explorer](2021-Q1-Hyperledger-Explorer_21441699.html)
- [2021 Q2 Hyperledger Indy](2021-Q2-Hyperledger-Indy_21441743.html)
- 2021 Q2 Hyperlerder Aries

## Upcoming reports

- [2021 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Decision

- [Add Dormant State to the Project Lifecycle](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Add+Dormant+State+to+the+Project+Lifecycle)

## Discussion

- Hyperledger Member Summit Proposals relating to the TSC
  
  A2. Ask the TSC to form a working group for updating the technical scope of Hyperledger to discuss and recommend action. Among other things, consider whether to expand beyond the limitation of the word “blockchain” in the current Hyperledger charter to something more broad, such as “multiparty system” or “decentralized web.”
  
  B1. Take a fresh look at the mechanism of TSC governance to address the tension inherent in any multi-project community like ours in  “driving projects toward convergence and giving them roadmap autonomy.” Should “convergence” be a goal? Should “interoperability”? How are those defined anyway? What’s the most useful form of alignment we should require, and ideally aim for, across all HL projects, and all HL maintainers? A task force representing the HL members could work with a subset of the TSC to draft specifics for GB review and approval.

## Backlog

TitleStatus[DCI Working Group: Inclusive Naming Proposal](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441150/DCI+Working+Group+Inclusive+Naming+Proposal)

APPROVED 

[Project maturity metrics / Badging](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21440607/Project+maturity+metrics+Badging)

PROPOSED 

[DCO Validation During Contribution Review](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441467/DCO+Validation+During+Contribution+Review)

PROPOSED 

[DCO and Pseudonyms](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21430435/DCO+and+Pseudonyms)

PROPOSED 

## Recordings

- [06 MAY 2021 TSC.m4a](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

Attended by:

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- Baohua Yang
- Bobbi Muscara
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [María Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- Mark Wagner
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:62746046-52ae-43bb-827b-6dfdde9f07d7?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441765/21457673.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21441765/21453586.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
