1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 07 15 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified by Ry Jones on Jul 15, 2021

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- Reminder: The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).

## Quarterly reports

- [2021 Q2 Hyperledger Avalon](2021-Q2-Hyperledger-Avalon_21442210.html)
- [2021 Q2 Hyperledger Ursa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Q2+Hyperledger+Ursa)
- [2021 Q3 Hyperledger Cactus](2021-Q3-Hyperledger-Cactus_21442278.html)
- 2021 Q3 Hyperledger Fabric

## Upcoming reports

- [2021 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Discussion

- [Make CHANGELOG an optional file](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/pull/10#discussion_r664081604)
- Release process - example [K8s SIG-Release Charter](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-release/charter.md#sig-release-charter)
- [Incubation entry considerations](Incubation-entry-considerations_21442230.html)

## Backlog

TitleStatus[DCI Working Group: Inclusive Naming Proposal](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441150/DCI+Working+Group+Inclusive+Naming+Proposal)

APPROVED 

[Project maturity metrics / Badging](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21440607/Project+maturity+metrics+Badging)

PROPOSED 

[DCO Validation During Contribution Review](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441467/DCO+Validation+During+Contribution+Review)

PROPOSED 

[DCO and Pseudonyms](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21430435/DCO+and+Pseudonyms)

PROPOSED 

## Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [TSC 15 JULY 2021.mp4](#)

Attended by:

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- Gari Singh
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- Maria Teresa Nieto
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:62746046-52ae-43bb-827b-6dfdde9f07d7?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21442250/21457444.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21442250/21454083.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
