1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 11 18 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified by Ry Jones on Nov 18, 2021

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- Reminder: Next week's TSC call (November 25, 2021) will be cancelled due to US Thanksgiving holidays

## Quarterly reports

- [2021 Q4 Hyperledger Aries](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Q4+Hyperledger+Aries) (due 01 Nov 2021)
- [2021 Q4 Hyperledger Indy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Q4+Hyperledger+Indy) (due 01 Nov 2021)
- [2021 Q4 Hyperledger Iroha](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Q4+Hyperledger+Iroha) (due 08 Nov 2021)
- 2021 Q4 Hyperledger Burrow (due 15 Nov 2021)

## Upcoming reports

- 2021 Q4 Hyperledger Grid (due 22 Nov 2021)
- 2021 Q4 Hyperledger Transact (due 22 Nov 2021)
- 2021 Q4 Hyperledger Cello (due 29 Nov 2021)
- 2021 Q4 Hyperledger Quilt (due 29 Nov 2021)

## Discussion

- Updates to the security process ([proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~ryjones/Gaps+between+guidance+and+implementation+for+CSVD), [issue](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/issues/20))
- DCI Working Group: Inclusive Naming Proposal ([proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/DCI+Working+Group%3A+Inclusive+Naming+Proposal), [issue](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/issues/19))

## Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)

## Backlog (from hyperledger/tsc)

## Recordings

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

File [TSC 18 NOV 2021.vtt](attachments/21443437/21455128.vtt "Download")

Nov 18, 2021 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)

PDF File [Hyperledger - Program Overview.pdf](attachments/21443437/21455129.pdf "Download")

Nov 18, 2021 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
