1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2021](2021_21452508.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2021 02 18 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified by Ry Jones on Feb 28, 2023

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements (reminder)

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Hyperledger+Mentorship+Program)
  
  - [please review 2021 program schedule](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Hyperledger+Mentorship+Program#HyperledgerMentorshipProgram-2021ProgramTimeline*)
  - [submit a project proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects) between now and March 11
  - we're looking to select and fund 20-25 projects this year
- [Hyperledger Global Forum](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/) - Virtual- June 8-10 - [Call For Proposals (CFP)](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/program/cfp/) is now open (closes March 12th).

## Quarterly reports

- [2021 Q1 Hyperledger Indy](2021-Q1-Hyperledger-Indy_21441116.html)
- [2021 Q1 Hyperledger Iroha](2021-Q1-Hyperledger-Iroha_21441146.html)
- 2021 Q1 Hyperledger Burrow

## Upcoming reports

- [2021 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Presentation

- Hyperledger Telecom SIG
  
  - A new paper is getting published this week – [Solution Brief: Decentralized ID and Access Management (DIAM) for IoT Networks](https://www.hyperledger.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/HL_LFEdge_WhitePaper_021121_3.pdf)
  - Next presentation from the group: [Blockchain adaptation in the Internet of Things](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TCSIG/2021+February+Event+with+Queensland+University+of+Technology) on Feb 25th at 8:00 UTC with presentation from Ali Dorri, Research Fellow at QUT (Queensland University of Technology)

## Discussion

- Adopting a common set of labels such as "help wanted", "good first issue"?
  
  - Tracy proposes using the GitHub default labels
  - Proposed for a vote, no second, but unanimous +1: passed
- Breaking silos - [SIG Request for support](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/3282)

## Backlog

TitleStatus[DCI Working Group: Inclusive Naming Proposal](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21441150/DCI+Working+Group+Inclusive+Naming+Proposal)

APPROVED 

[Project maturity metrics / Badging](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21440607/Project+maturity+metrics+Badging)

PROPOSED 

[DCO and Pseudonyms](/wiki/spaces/TSC/pages/21430435/DCO+and+Pseudonyms)

PROPOSED 

## Recordings

- [dummyfile.txt](#)
- [dummyfile.txt](#)

Attended by:

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)
- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- Bobbi Muscara
- [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence)
- [David Enyeart](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:30d7e775-8a5d-4896-8950-8da2af027639?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [María Teresa nieto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d36fa46af1d920bc99755b6?ref=confluence)
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:62746046-52ae-43bb-827b-6dfdde9f07d7?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

  File Modified

No files shared here yet.

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
