1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2022](2022_21443639.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2022 03 10 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified on Mar 10, 2022

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- Announcing **Hyperledger Global Forum 2022** - Sept 12-13 Dublin Ireland - [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/)  - CFP now open! (Closes Apr 29 2022). Call for Program Committee Volunteers coming soon.

## Quarterly reports

- [2022 Q1 Hyperledger Cello](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2022+Q1+Hyperledger+Cello) (due 28 Feb 2022 )
- 2022 Q1 Hyperledger Explorer (due 07 Mar 2022)
- 2022 Q1 Hyperledger Firefly (due 07 Mar 2022)

## Upcoming reports

- 2022 Q1 Hyperledger Ursa (due 14 Mar 2022)
- [2022 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2022+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Discussion

- Creation of a short term task force for reviewing mentorship projects **[Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence), [Danno Ferrin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b7f2d80c4e4892a5b789551?ref=confluence), [kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence), and [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:54be3a11-ffe8-43a5-b37d-c854a0aa21c3?ref=confluence) have volunteered to serve on the task force**
  
  - 3-4 people to review the proposals to make sure the projects are a good fit as mentorship projects and the activity/results/outcomes will be relevant to the Hyperledger community.
  - review period will be 2 weeks from March 10-24
  - determine if any changes should be made to existing criteria:
    
    - The selected proposals have clearly scoped learning objectives and outcomes that are suitable for one mentee, either a student developer/researcher or a new contributor, to complete within 12 weeks if working full time or 24 weeks if working part time.
    - The selected proposals will represent a nice mix of project difficulty levels. Some low, medium, and high difficulties.
      
    - The selected proposals will maximize the diversity of the proposals, mentors, and mentees.
    - The selected proposals should have a direct connection or relevance to an existing Hyperledger project or lab or ecosystem.
    - The selected proposals will further increase the contributor/maintainer base of the related Hyperledger project or lab or ecosystem.
      
    - The selected proposals are related to as many Hyperledger projects or lab as possible.
    - The mentors of the selected proposals will represent a nice mix of experienced and new mentors.
- Open discussion on improving the TSC (What should we be doing differently to allow you to be more engaged in the discussions both during the TSC calls and between the TSC calls? What are the reasons why we are not reviewing project reports (yes, there are no 2022 Q1 quarterly reports were all TSC members have reviewed)? What can we do to improve the meetings that we are having as a TSC?)
  
  - In other organizations, the committee members each have a responsibility that they report on during the call.
  - Task forces are seen as a popular way to engage. → **Brainstorm different task forces that we can create.**
  - Having broader discussions on projects during the TSC call. → **Open invitation to present at the TSC call for SIGs, WGs, projects, and labs. Find a way to get back the hackfest vibe where we can get updates on what is happening in the projects.**
  - Unknown responsibilities → **Document TSC responsibilities and have a refresher discussion with existing TSC members and a welcome discussion with new TSC members.**
  - TSC is responsible for removing blockers in the community. → **Ask the community what is the most helpful thing to be engaged on.**
  - Differences in the structure of the SIGs reporting to the GB and WGs and TFs reporting to the TSC → **Staff is working on structure.**
  - How do we steer instead of react? →
    
    - **Consider whether we should have a TAC instead of a TSC**
    - **Review Ry's proposal on [Reforming the TSC](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~ryjones/Proposal+for+re-forming+the+Hyperledger+TSC)**
    - **Create a task force on evaluating the Hyperledger ecosystem from a technology perspective. Specifically, a gap analysis of what we might be missing compared to the public blockchain ecosystem.**
    - **Consider ways in which we might be able to standardize certain pieces of technology**
- Follow up on [Hyperledger Project Families](https://docs.google.com/document/d/156rlm9gYml-J6Mr0TUZvZGcfMm_hElSaQ89dyBQ9DKE/edit) (please provide thoughts in document prior to meeting)
- Creation of Task Force for [Project Health Collection issue](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/issues/24) (please provide thoughts in issue prior to meeting)

## Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)

## Backlog (from hyperledger/tsc)

## Recordings

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

File [GMT20220310-145434\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/21430687/21455784.vtt "Download")

Mar 10, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
