1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TSC Meeting Minutes](TSC-Meeting-Minutes_21448544.html)
4. [2022](2022_21443639.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2022 03 24 TSC Meeting Record

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified by Danno Ferrin on Mar 24, 2022

![](attachments/21431877/21448548.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- Announcing **Hyperledger Global Forum 2022** - Sept 12-13 Dublin Ireland - [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hyperledger-global-forum/)  - CFP now open! (Closes Apr 29 2022). Call for Program Committee Volunteers coming soon.

## Quarterly reports

- 2022 Q1 Hyperledger Explorer (due 10 Mar 2022)
- [2022 Q1 Hyperledger Ursa](2022-Q1-Hyperledger-Ursa_21444176.html) (due 17 Mar 2022)

## Upcoming reports

- [2022 Q1 Hyperledger Besu](2022-Q1-Hyperledger-Besu_21444234.html) (due 24 Mar 2022)
- [2022 Q1 Hyperledger Caliper](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2022+Q1+Hyperledger+Caliper) (due 24 Mar 2022)
- [2022 TSC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2022+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Decision

- [Mentorship Project Selection Recommendations from task force](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__wiki.hyperledger.org_display_INTERN_2022-2BProjects&d=DwMGaQ&c=eIGjsITfXP_y-DLLX0uEHXJvU8nOHrUK8IrwNKOtkVU&r=7LpfyaMR44exzQCWvxiAAfpAoMMDWWRNgSJjU7B7o4c&m=8JDgH8kEbZ5IEIXJQXBqOPsXl9fGU_A1MU94sUicbVemYDzkW_TnosW3Mo365vdY&s=yHVACZeKdL-RSz5CXgtMiuv-Pmxa6KS99K88W90dEe0&e=)

## Discussion

- Task Force Updates
  
  - Security ([Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence))
- [Approach for Task Forces](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/3741) ![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro)
- Task Force chair selection
  
  - What projects are we missing within Hyperledger (Danno)
  - Project families website revamp (Tracy)
  - Document TSC responsibilities (Arnaud)
  - Project health dashboards (Jim)

## Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)

## Backlog (from hyperledger/tsc)

## Recordings

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

File [GMT20220324-135701\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/21444193/21455892.vtt "Download")

Mar 24, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
