1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Meeting Minutes](TOC-Meeting-Minutes_21445470.html)
4. [2022 TOC](2022-TOC_21456732.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2022 10 20 TOC Meeting Record

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified on Oct 20, 2022

![](attachments/21445431/21456822.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).
- [TOC Nomination period is open](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/message/3878). Nomination closes October 31 end of day US/Pacific.

## Quarterly reports

- 2022 Q3 Hyperledger Ursa (due 15 Sep 2022; reminder sent to Discord channel on 05 Oct 2022)
- [2022 Q4 Hyperledger Fabric](2022-Q4-Hyperledger-Fabric_21445411.html)
- [2022 Q4 Hyperledger Cacti](2022-Q4-Hyperledger-Cacti_21430759.html)
- Please review any outstanding quarterly reports by [checking your tasks](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/plugins/inlinetasks/mytasks.action)

## Upcoming reports

- 2022 Q4 Hyperledger Sawtooth (due 27 Oct 2022)
- [2022 TOC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2022+TSC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Discussion

- [AnonCreds Project Proposal](https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger-hip/pull/7) discussion and possible vote depending on discussion.
  
  - AnonCreds was approved via a role call vote; 12 yes, 2 not present

## Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)

## Backlog (from hyperledger/tsc)

## Recordings

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

PNG File [HyperledgerFoundationAntiTrust.png](attachments/21445431/21456822.png "Download")

Oct 20, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)

File [GMT20221020-140314\_Recording.cc.vtt](attachments/21445431/21456830.vtt "Download")

Oct 20, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)

File [GMT20221020-140314\_Recording.transcript.vtt](attachments/21445431/21456831.vtt "Download")

Oct 20, 2022 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
