1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Meeting Minutes](TOC-Meeting-Minutes_21445470.html)
4. [2023 TOC](2023-TOC_21445786.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : 2023 01 19 TOC Meeting Record

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified by Ry Jones on Feb 23, 2023

![](attachments/21430274/21456795.png?height=250) ![](attachments/21431877/21448549.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

- The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170445) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DR/2021).

## Quarterly reports

- [2023 Q1 Hyperledger Fabric](2023-Q1-Hyperledger-Fabric_21430773.html)
- [2023 Q1 Hyperledger Cacti](2023-Q1-Hyperledger-Cacti_21430771.html)
- 2022 Q4 Hyperledger Ursa (due 01 Dec 2022)
- Please review any outstanding quarterly reports by [checking your tasks](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/plugins/inlinetasks/mytasks.action)

## Upcoming reports

- 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Sawtooth (due 26 Jan 2023)
- [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2023+TOC+Project+Update+Calendar)

## Presentation

Open Source Security Foundation Overview - [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence) (slides: [OpenSSF Hyperledger 20230119.pdf](attachments/21445880/21457146.pdf))

## Discussion

- [Move Project Reports to Github](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/43)
- Proposed Task Forces based on our goals discussion last week. Confirm chairs.
  
  - Best Practices for Automated Pipelines
  - Project Best Practices
  - Badging/Lifecycle
  - Security - [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence) ?
  - Others?

## Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)

## Backlog (from hyperledger/toc)

## Recordings

[https://youtu.be/0AFFIDKFNvc](https://youtu.be/0AFFIDKFNvc)

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

PDF File [OpenSSF Hyperledger 20230119.pdf](attachments/21445880/21457146.pdf "Download")

Jan 20, 2023 by [Arnaud J LE HORS](/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
