1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : María Teresa Nieto 2020

Created by María Teresa nieto, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Maria Teresa Nieto

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

I'm Maria Teresa Nieto and I am a Computer Engineer.  I am currently working in Telefónica designing and technically leading the implementation of projects related to Blockchain technology.  I started working with Blockchain technology in 2016, in detail, I have been working with Hyperledger Fabric since 2017, however, I have had the possibility to work with other Hyperledger projects like Hyperledger Besu. This year, in Telefonica, we decided to launch TrustID to the Hyperledger Labs, a decentralized identity project. My role with TrustID is to be the technical architect and one of the main maintainers of the project. I have also collaborated with the Spanish Translation Group of Hyperledger Fabric.

Throughout my career, I have always combined my work with teaching the Blockchain technology in Spanish universities. I love the possibility of being able to disseminate and share my knowledge. 

I have also experience in volunteering supporting the role of the Woman in Technology. Currently, I'm an organizer of WTM Madrid.

# Short personal pitch

I have nominated myself to serve on the Hyperledger TSC. My profile mixes technical architecture and development profiles. Working in a Telco company I think that I could give a different point of view and all these years of experience working with blockchain technology are also an extra. In Telefonica, we are really interested to take blockchain technology to the next level. In detail, we are working right now to migrate our blockchain projects into production environments, so, due to this, we would like to be part of the blockchain technology growth and maturation. 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
