1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : María Teresa Nieto 2021

Created by María Teresa nieto on Sep 14, 2021

# Nominee Name

María Teresa Nieto

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

I'm Blockchain Senior Specialist, currently working in Telefónica designing and technically leading the implementation of projects related to Blockchain technology.  I started working with Blockchain technology in 2016, in detail, I have been working with Hyperledger Fabric since 2017, however, I have had the possibility to work with other Hyperledger projects like Hyperledger Besu. Last year, in Telefonica, we decided to launch TrustID to the Hyperledger Labs, a project that implements decentralized identity management. My role with TrustID is to be the technical architect and one of the main maintainers of the project. I have also collaborated with the Spanish Translation Group of Hyperledger Fabric. Furthermore, I'm an organizer of the meetup Hyperledger Madrid.

Throughout my career, I have always combined my work with teaching Blockchain technology in Spanish universities. I love the possibility of being able to disseminate and share my knowledge. 

I have also experience in volunteering to support the role of the Woman in Technology. Currently, I'm an organizer of WTM Madrid.

# Short personal pitch

I have nominated myself to serve on the Hyperledger TSC. Last year I've also been elected and it has been a pleasure to serve on the TSC, so I'm excited to have the opportunity to continue. My profile mixes technical architecture and development profiles. Working in a Telco company I think that I could give a different point of view and all these years of experience working with blockchain technology are also an extra. In Telefonica, we are really interested to take blockchain technology to the next level. 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
