1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Andrea Gunderson 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Andrea Gunderson

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

My name is Andrea Gunderson. I am a Senior Software Engineer at Bitwise IO. I have been working on the development of Hyperledger Sawtooth since Sawtooth joined Hyperledger. I am also one of the main contributors to Sawtooth Sabre, a WASM smart contract engine that, with the help of Hyperledger Transact, we hope to be able to leverage on other platforms. I am a member of both the Sawtooth root team and core team, parts of the Sawtooth Governance in charge of reviewing and approving Sawtooth RFC, which provide a clear roadmap for the Sawtooth project.

During that time I have also been involved in new projects that have recently come to Hyperledger. I am a maintainer on Hyperledger Grid and a sponsor and maintainer on Hyperledger Transact. I have been involved in many aspects of these Hyperledger projects such as design work and planning the future goals of the projects.

I also make an effort to provide support to the Hyperledger community. I am often on Rocketchat responding to questions and encouraging developers to start contributing. As apart of growing our community, I attend the monthly project contributor meetings to communicate the current objectives of the team. I also make an effort to attend the weekly TSC call to keep involved with the other projects and have provided the project quarterly updates to the TSC in the past.

# Short personal pitch

It is important that the TSC includes members that are involved in the development of the projects themselves. I would like to be considered for the TSC because I can bring the perspective of a developer who has been involved in many projects and apply this experience to Hyperledger as a whole. I look forward to the opportunity to contribute to Hyperledger is more diverse ways.

Thank you for your time

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
