1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Andrei Lebedev 2020

Created by Andrei Lebedev, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Andrei Lebedev

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

I am Andrei Lebedev, current maintainer and technical lead of Hyperledger Iroha 1.x, and I have been working on this project while being employed by Soramitsu for three years, since the start of development of the current codebase. While working on Iroha, I was able to take part in the design of federated peg decentralized exchange, and present it at several international blockchain conferences. Together with my colleagues, we made it possible for Iroha to graduate to Active status. We designed and implemented a crash-fault tolerant consensus algorithm, which reduced the latency in the system by optimizing the best-case scenario. In the past two years, I have been a mentor of several internship projects related to interoperability of Iroha and other Hyperledger projects. Also, I am currently a Master's student in Informatics at the Technical University of Munich.

# Short personal pitch

By nominating myself to be a part of the TSC, I would like to promote modularity and developer documentation, among other topics, and make the representation of projects more diverse.

One of the insights I gained from my technical expertise is that while projects aim at different use cases, the underlying layers used to build the solutions are very similar. An example of how I know that code reuse is essential is the inception of Hyperledger Ursa, which allows the projects to use cryptographic primitives correctly. Reusability also helps to identify design and issues faster, compared to being used by a single project. I hope to assist other projects aimed at code reuse to gain traction, such as Hyperledger Transact.

Experience with internships has shown me that it is not always straightforward for newcomers to get directly into the development of the projects. Extra efforts to document the architecture, bringing guidelines, and making code easy to understand will help new people to make their changes and contributions.

These are the core values I hope to bring to the Hyperledger technical community, and I am looking forward to applying my skills.

Thank you!

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
