1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Angelo De Caro 2020

Created by Angelo de Caro, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Angelo De Caro

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Angelo De Caro joined IBM Research – Zurich in May 2015. His research interests are in theoretical cryptography and its applications to the blockchain and the cloud.  
Angelo received his PhD in Computer Science in 2013 from the University of Salerno, in Italy, under the supervision of Prof. Carlo Blundo and Prof. Giuseppe Persiano. ​  
After his PhD, he worked with Dr. Tatsuaki Okamoto at NTT, Japan, in 2013 and with Prof. Michel Abdalla at École normale supérieure, France, in 2014-2015. Angelo has been also engaged in several EU projects including ECRYPTII (European Network of Excellence in Cryptology II) and TREDISEC (Trust-aware, REliable and Distributed Information SEcurity in the Cloud).

Angelo De Caro is one of the architects and core developers of Hyperledger Fabric ([https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.10228](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.10228))

# Short personal pitch

Being a member of the Hyperledger TSC in 2019/2020 has been an honour. It allowed me to have a direct connection to a growing and sparkling community whose goal, that I share, is to improve the understanding and to widespread blockchain technologies. Lots of work remains to do in multiple dimensions: Integration, interoperability, security, just to name a few. It is essential to keep the Hyperledger project the point of reference for all the companies and the researches who are interested in blockchain technologies. 

For the above reasons, I ask the votes of the community to be confirmed as TSC member. 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
