1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Angelo De Caro 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Angelo De Caro

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

Angelo De Caro joined the Storage Systems group of IBM Research – Zurich in May 2015. His research is focused on the Hyperledger fabric and the privacy and cryptography of the blockchain.

Angelo received his PhD in Computer Science in 2013 from the University of Salerno, in Italy, under the supervision of Prof. Carlo Blundo and Prof. Giuseppe Persiano. ​

After his PhD, he worked with Dr. Tatsuaki Okamoto at NTT, Japan, in 2013 and with Prof. Michel Abdalla at École normale supérieure, France, in 2014-2015. Angelo has been also engaged in several EU projects including ECRYPTII (European Network of Excellence in Cryptology II) and TREDISEC (Trust-aware, REliable and Distributed Information SEcurity in the Cloud). His research interests are in theoretical cryptography and its applications to the blockchain and the cloud.

# Short personal pitch

Hyperledger is a dream project that brings together very diverse people and projects united by a single aim: deliver the best blockchain technologies to the enterprise world. The number of challenges that need to be solved is exceptional and this requires bright minds willing to use lateral thinking and run the extra miles. I want to be elected as a member of Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee to help the Committee to foster the Hyperledger ecosystem, to push stronger on interoperability of all the platforms available in Hyperledger, to attract the best minds out there, and to put security first. I'm confident to have skills and passion to serve the Committee at best.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
