1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Antoine Toulme 2021

Created by antoine, last modified on Sep 09, 2021

# Nominee Name

Antoine Toulme

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

I am a Besu committer since 2019 and a hopeful contributor to Fabric, having worked in the blockchain ecosystem since 2017.

I am a current Apache Software Foundation member, a former committer and member of the Architecture Council of the Eclipse Foundation from 2008 to 2011.

I am a committer for Apache Tuweni (incubating), Apache Buildr, and a contributor to the OpenTelemetry project.

I am the chair of the Testing and Certification Working Group of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.

I am the recipient of multiple grants from MolochDAO and a proponent of the funding of open source software from Gitcoin.

I am the engineering manager of the Blockchain &amp; DLT team at Splunk, where we are working on creating the best monitoring and operating experience for node operators, consortiums, data scientists and more. Learn more at [https://unblock.splunkdlt.com](https://unblock.splunkdlt.com).

# Short personal pitch

I am driven by the need to increase communication and collaboration in the space.

I have a deep interest in the blockchain space and am looking to maximize the impact my time, contributions, and the contributions of others may have.

I am hands-on and I need to see code. Lots of it.

I also have a strong need to listen and represent. I always look for ways to create consensus and consult others.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
