1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Arnaud J Le Hors 2020

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

### Nominated By

Self

### Short personal bio

I am Senior Technical Staff Member of Blockchain &amp; Web Open Technologies at IBM. I have been working on standards and open source for over 25 years and have been involved in every aspect of the open technology development process: technical, strategic, political, and legal. I was editor of several key web specifications including HTML and DOM and was a pioneer of open source with the release of libXpm in 1990. I currently am the main representative for IBM at W3C, a member and chair of the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee, a contributor to Hyperledger Fabric and maintainer, a member of the Hyperledger Speakers Bureau, and a Hyperledger Labs Steward. I am also a member of the European Blockchain Observatory where I make sure that the interest of the Hyperledger community is represented.

### Short personal pitch

I trust that the above long list of roles related to Hyperledger is a clear demonstration of my commitment to the success of Hyperledger.

I've had the privilege of serving our community on the TSC since the first election in 2016 and I have had the honor of serving as chair for the last term. During that time I've led several major developments of our governance structure such as the project lifecycle and the introduction of the Labs. As chair I've led improvements in the way the TSC handles issues and records its decisions for a much more efficient process. I've driven the resolution of many issues in a constructive and efficient manner for the benefit of all.

I hope my track record will compel everyone to support my nomination for another term so that I can continue to put my energy and experience at the service of our community.

Thank you.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
