1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Arun S M 2020

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

### Nominee Name

Arun S M

### Nominated By

Self

### Short personal bio

I am a Senior Software Engineer at Walmart's India office, leading blockchain initiatives. Prior to this I worked at Intel's India facility on their blockchain initiatives. My blockchain journey started as an experiment to run chaincode in TEE when Hyperledger Fabric was at 0.6 version. At present, I serve as a co-lead of Hyperledger India Chapter and also one of the maintainer for the Hyperledger Sawtooth. Organized couple of events ([HyperHack 2020](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CP/Hackathon+Feb+2020), [Blockchain Stories 2020](https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2020/08/19/blockchain-stories-2020-highlights-from-five-weeks-of-community-sharing-in-asia-pacific)) for the audience across APAC region earlier this year. Apart from these I have also been helping the communities across EMEA and APAC region learn the technology stack of Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Indy and Hyperledger Transact.

### Short personal pitch

I would like to nominate myself to serve on the Technical Steering Committee. My position at Walmart places me uniquely in the community where at one end we experience use of blockchain at scale like nowhere else, and on the other end we are pioneers in adopting new features. At the same time, this position helps in determining what as an end user organization would like to prioritize when it comes to the advancement in the blockchain technology.

My approach to lead a team at work is to follow clean code, and clearly defined process. Hearing everybody's voices, listening from the grounds up and also listening to the people who use the technology will pave the way to better decision making.

Out in the open community, it has been my pleasure to speak at the global forum and conferences. I served as a program committee member for the Hyperledger Global Forum 2020. From the time I started to help out the community based in India, it has been my pleasure to meet several tech enthusiasts. It is amazing to see how people are willing to join back, contribute back once they understand the technology. Often times it is lack of awareness that makes one think that Hyperledger consortium is out of their reach. The TSC representation will help me to bridge the voices and bring in new perspectives.

There is a saying in India/Sanksrit "Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam" which translates to world is one family. Having a diverse representation in the TSC, from different demographies and geographies will make it a much stronger blockchain community in the world.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
