1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Baohua Yang 2020

Created by Baohua Yang, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Baohua Yang

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Baohua Yang is currently the principal architect of Oracle's Blockchain product, leading the research and development of Blockchain service and product. He has been linked into the system and algorithm areas for 10+ years, with leading the design and implementation of enterprise solutions and solving key technical challenges. He had been serving in Hyperledger project as a member of the [Technical Steering Committee (TSC)](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/leadership) in the year 2017 and 2018. He has [published](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Lu8ceFIAAAAJ) 20+ papers in top-quality international conferences and journals, with several [technical books and patents](http://yeasy.github.io/publication.html).

# Short personal pitch

I am very glad to have been contributing into Hyperledger project and community since its beginning in early 2016. As one of the earliest designers and contributors of the Hyperleger Fabric project, now I'm also leading the Hyperledger Cello and Hyperledger fabric-sdk-py projects as maintainer. Besides the technical contributions, I have been elected as TSC member in the year 2017-2018 and served as a Hyperledger ambassador. Besides Hyperledger, I have contributed in other open-source projects including OpenStack and OpenDaylight previously. All these experiences make me a real open-source enthusiast in both technologies and culture. I believe that open source will become increasingly important for humanity's future.

Now as the principal architect of Oracle's blockchain development team, I take a critical technical leadership role in designing the new blockchain product. My goal is to bridge blockchain with advanced data technologies and finally benefit both sides. My team has improved and promoted Hyperledger in terms of code contribution, working group, user cases and other activities continuously.

As a highly experienced R&amp;D staff, I have been linked into the architecture, design, algorithm and system optimization areas for over 10 years, with leading the design and implementation of enterprise solutions and solving fundamental technological challenges. Meanwhile, I have published 10s of articles in top-quality international conference and journals (e.g., IEEE INFOCOM, IEEE Transactions on Computers), with technical books (One book introducing Hyperledger and blockchain was published in Aug 2017) and patents. And I have served as a TPC member for numbers of conferences and journals.

All these rich background and skills in distributed system, networking and blockchain technologies, with open-source contributions and community experience, make me an appropriate candidate for the TSC for the coming year.

**My goal as a TSC member is to not merely help Hyperledger become more mature, but also help distributed ledger technologies be adopted in real business scenarios, with an active and diverse ecosystem of open-mind collaboration among community, industry and academia**. I will continue to help people learn and adopt the advanced blockchain technologies more efficiently.

I believe that open-source technologies will make the world better! Thanks very much for your consideration!

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
