1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_21447696.html)
4. [TSC Decision Log](TSC-Decision-Log_21437418.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Chat Channel Migration

Created by Grace Hartley (Deactivated) on Oct 28, 2021

Hyperledger is currently undergoing a migration from its current RocketChat to Matrix. There have been several delays with development of Matrix to ensure it can scale to handle the number of users in Hyperledger. The current timeline is Matrix development will be complete in Q1 2022. During this migration period different parts of the community have used different chat channels, which has led to some confusion on where to go for certain topics. For example, Hyperledger Besu's contributors actively use Matrix and conduct business there. The Hyperledger Besu is on RocketChat and used by newcomers and community questions. Currently, Hyperledger's documentation and marketing still points to RocketChat as the chat channel source.

**Open Questions for Technical Steering Committee:**

1. How have other projects handled the migration to Matrix? Have they had success with moving their communities over to Matrix?
2. Should we pause migration to Matrix since there has been such a significant delay and we won't be able to update marketing materials until Q2 2022 (at the earliest)?
3. Should the TSC move its chat channel back to RocketChat where the community is currently engaging until the move to Matrix is live?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
