1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Christopher Hempel 2020

Created by Christopher Hempel, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Christopher Hempel

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

As an enthusiastic and convinced IT specialist, Christopher Hempel is equally adept at future-oriented, up-to-date and classic computer systems. He leads the blockchain development of esatus AG and implements identity solutions based on Hyperledger Indy and Hyperledger Aries (e.g. SeLF by esatus AG). He is responsible for the administration of the DLT node for the self-sovereign identity network "Sovrin", in which esatus AG is involved as a founding steward. He is also involved in building a European SSI network based on Hyperledger Indy (IDunion Network). With his profound technical skills and experience he leads the development of the SSI Wallet App by esatus AG based on Hyperledger Aries.

He demonstrates the blockchain know-how of esatus AG in lectures at conferences (e.g. "Blockchain vs. PKI - Symbiosis possible?" at the TeleTrusT Information Day "Electronic Signature and Trust Services" in Berlin in September 2018) and publications (e.g. "Identity &amp; Access per Blockchain - Approaches and Projects in the Technical Discussion" in the Information Security Journal &lt;kes&gt;).

Christopher Hempel completed his studies of computer science at the University of Applied Sciences Darmstadt. Already during his bachelor thesis, he designed and implemented a virtualized test and development environment for software solutions in the information security area.

# Short personal pitch

As someone actively using Hyperledger Indy and Hyperledger Aries I want to contribute to the Hyperledger TSC with my well-founded experiences in this sector.

As digital identities become more and more important, the Hyperledger Indy and Hyperledger Aries community should be represented as widely as possible and I would like to play an active role in this.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
