1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Danno Ferrin 2020

Created by Danno Ferrin, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

### Nominee Name

Danno Ferrin

### Nominated By

Grace Hartley

### Short personal bio

I've been in software since the 20th century.  My journey to blockchain began in 2013 when I was looking for interesting graph visualizations and started visualizing bitcoin transactions, publishing one paper at the Texas Bitcoin Conference describing several of the patterns.  My full time Blockchain work began in 2018 at ConsenSys and I am now a Lead Protocol Engineer working full time on the Besu client as one of the official Maintainers, where my technical contributions focus on mainnet compatibility and performance.

### Short personal pitch

I see Hyperledger as the premier enterprise blockchain organization.  To strength that position we need to remain committed to the greenhouse vision established in Hyperledger's first year.  More projects with more member companies on the Technical Steering Committee is one way. Another way is to add new projects in previously unexplored and underutilized areas of the greenhouse. 

Projects that interoperate between Hyperledger DLTs and non-Hyperledger DLTs are needed.  There is also a need for projects that improve developer and operations experiences, such as tools to help developing for our DLTs as well as tools that assist with operational issues.  Some of these projects exist as labs, but some gaps still exist.

We should also better support existing Hyperledger projects that are providing solutions to these areas and increase their visibility within the whole ecosystem.  More awareness of our current projects and increased communication between existing projects would increase cross-project understanding.  

If elected to the TSC I would initiate and support proposals that accomplish these aims.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
