1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Dave Enyeart 2020

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

I have spent my career working on enterprise software projects with a focus on business process automation and data integration. When I learned about blockchain I was excited to jump in, contributing to Hyperledger Fabric and eventually becoming a maintainer and then Fabric release manager in 2017. I've enjoyed being active with the Hyperledger community, initially by helping users on the mailing list, stackoverflow, and chat. More recently, I have been leading the Fabric contributor meeting and RFC process to help turn community ideas into enterprise quality code, started a samples workgroup to help turn application ideas into official Fabric community samples and tutorials, and put in place a long-term support (LTS) release strategy to provide early adopters with the confidence to deploy blockchain applications into production environments, knowing that a community of maintainers and contributors will be there to help.

# Short personal pitch

Through the many Fabric releases and user and contributor interactions I have learned many lessons. I've learned about user requirements, application patterns, and various blockchain technologies. I've learned what works (and what doesn't!) in an open source community, and I've learned that a community is greater than the sum of its parts and can deliver great things when working together. I would be thrilled to use the lessons that I have learned to help the broader set of Hyperledger projects as a member of the Technical Steering Committee.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
