1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Grace Hartley 2021

Created by Grace Hartley (Deactivated), last modified on Sep 14, 2021

# Name of Nominee

Grace Hartley

# Nominated By

Danno Ferrin

# Short personal bio

I am a Strategy &amp; Operations Manager at ConsenSys on the ConsenSys Quorum team (fka PegaSys team). I joined ConsenSys three years ago. A few of my focus areas at ConsenSys include, community management activities for Hyperledger Besu, managing some of our strategic partnerships, and supporting product launch activities and initiatives. I led the initiative to gain approval and onboard Hyperledger Besu, the Java-based Enterprise Ethereum client, into the Hyperledger community and I managed the project's activities to help it gain active status. Prior to joining the blockchain world, I was a consultant in the financial services industry at KPMG.

# Short personal pitch

Over the past two years since ConsenSys and Hyperledger Besu joined Hyperledger, I have witnessed exciting community collaboration and have been inspired by the breadth of activities Hyperledger fosters. Hyperledger has also proven its willingness to continuously improve and challenge its assumptions. I have personally enjoyed being a member of the Technical Steering Committee for the past year, I was a member of the Global Forum Planning Committee in 2020, and I currenlty sit on the Diversity Civility and Inclusion Working Group. I believe I can provide a fresh perspective to the Technical Steering Committee by acting as a community-centric voice as well as provide lessons learned and best practices from the Ethereum ecosystem. As a TSC member, I also enjoy promoting diversity and inclusion efforts as well as amplify voices from the community.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
