1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Hart Montgomery 2021

Created by Hart Montgomery on Sep 20, 2021

# Nominee Name

Hart Montgomery

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Hi everyone! A little bit about me: I’m a research scientist in cryptography at Fujitsu Labs. I work on a number of different aspects of cryptography (and applications of crypto) including blockchain, crypto for the blockchain, post-quantum cryptography, and foundations of cryptography. Prior to Fujitsu, I did a Ph.D. at Stanford in crypto under Dan Boneh.

I’ve had the good luck to have been involved in Hyperledger since almost the very beginning. Among other things, I’ve been on the TSC since the startup phase of Hyperledger, and I have attended, spoken at, or helped to organize almost every global Hyperledger event. I helped to start Ursa (where I’m a maintainer on the theory side), and I’m planning to continue working on the crypto/security aspects of Hyperledger through whatever venues seem appropriate in the future. I'm also interested in blockchain integration and think this will be a very important topic in the future of blockchain. I helped to found Cactus, and have continued over the past year to help with Cactus and have also worked with members of the other blockchain integration labs to try to build a general framework for integration/interoperability.

# Short personal pitch

Due to the fact that security, privacy, and confidentiality are absolutely paramount for many Hyperledger applications, I think it is vital that there is a strong cryptography/security presence in the Hyperledger community, including the TSC. Even if your preferred slate does not include me, please consider voting for at least some people with strong security and cryptography backgrounds.

I am also interested in interoperability and modularity in Hyperledger, as evidenced by work on both Ursa and Cactus, and one of my goals on the TSC next year would be to push Hyperledger as a whole in this direction. I think that my work (with many other smart people in Hyperledger) on creating a general framework for interoperability helps move us as a community towards more cross-project collaboration, and I aim to encourage work like this in Hyperledger. I think there are a lot of opportunities for Ursa and Aries to work together, in particular, and I plan on spending some time on this in the future.

Thanks for your time!

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
