1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Hyperledger Projects

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by Tracy Kuhrt on Jan 03, 2022

# Graduated Projects

TitleProjectDescription[Besu](/wiki/spaces/BESU/overview)

[Besu](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/BESU/Hyperledger+Besu) is an Ethereum client designed to be enterprise-friendly for both public and private permissioned network use cases, with an extractable EVM implementation. It can also be run on test networks such as Holesky and Sepolia. Besu includes several consensus algorithms including Proof of Stake and Proof of Authority (IBFT 2.0, QBFT, and Clique). Its comprehensive plugin scheme is designed for modularity.

[Hyperledger Aries](/wiki/spaces/ARIES/overview)

Hyperledger Aries is your complete toolkit for decentralized identity solutions and digital trust. Issue, store and present verifiable credentials with maximum privacy preservation, and establish confidential, ongoing communication channels for rich interactions. It supports multiple protocols, credential types, ledgers and registries. It has frameworks in multiple development languages, and interoperability tools and profiles to help everything work together seamlessly.[Hyperledger Fabric](/wiki/spaces/fabric/overview)

Hyperledger Fabric is intended as a foundation for developing applications or solutions with a modular architecture. Hyperledger Fabric allows components, such as consensus and membership services, to be plug-and-play. Its modular and versatile design satisfies a broad range of industry use cases. It offers a unique approach to consensus that enables performance at scale while preserving privacy.[Hyperledger Indy](/wiki/spaces/indy/overview)

Hyperledger Indy provides tools, libraries, and reusable components for providing digital identities rooted on blockchains or other distributed ledgers so that they are interoperable across administrative domains, applications, and any other silo. Indy is interoperable with other blockchains or can be used standalone powering the decentralization of identity.

[Hyperledger Iroha](/wiki/spaces/iroha/overview)

Hyperledger Iroha is designed to be simple and easy to incorporate into infrastructural or IoT projects requiring distributed ledger technology. Hyperledger Iroha features a simple construction, modular, domain-driven C++ design, emphasis on client application development and a new, crash fault tolerant consensus algorithm, called YAC.

# Incubating Projects

TitleProjectDescription[Hyperledger AnonCreds](/wiki/spaces/ANONCREDS/overview)

AnonCreds (anonymous credentials) are a type of verifiable credential that supports important privacy-preserving capabilities through the use of zero-knowledge proof (ZKP) cryptography. Within the Hyperledger AnonCreds project is a specification for AnonCreds, documentation, implementations and tests.[Hyperledger Bevel Home](/wiki/spaces/BEV/overview)

Hyperledger Bevel is an accelerator by which developers can consistently deploy production-ready distributed networks across public and private cloud providers.[Hyperledger Cacti Home](/wiki/spaces/cactus/overview)

Hyperledger Cacti is a plugin-based framework which aims to provide developers with an abstraction over protocol specific implementations and enabling interoperability.  

This enables solutions to adapt to new protocols and make transactions involving multiple public and/or permissioned ledgers more easily. 

[Hyperledger Caliper](/wiki/spaces/caliper/overview)

Blockchain benchmark framework which allows users to measure the performance of a specific blockchain implementation with a set of predefined use cases.[Hyperledger Cello](/wiki/spaces/cello/overview)

Blockchain operating system[Hyperledger FireFly Home](/wiki/spaces/FIR/overview)

Hyperledger FireFly is the first open source Supernode: a complete stack for enterprises to build and scale secure Web3 applications. The FireFly API for digital assets, data flows, and blockchain transactions makes it radically faster to build production-ready apps on popular chains and protocols.[Hyperledger Solang](/wiki/spaces/SOL/overview)

Solang is a portable compiler for the Solidity language that targets Solana and Substrate (Polkadot). It is written in Rust, and leverages the LLVM infrastructure for the compiler backend.

# Dormant Projects

TitleNo content found.

# Project Links

- [Copyright and License Policy](Copyright-and-License-Policy_21430874.html)
- [TSC Project Updates](TSC-Project-Updates_21430854.html)
- [TSC Project Update Calendars](TSC-Project-Update-Calendars_21450046.html)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:22

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
