1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_21447696.html)
4. [TSC Decision Log](TSC-Decision-Log_21437418.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Long Term Agenda - Framing

Created by Dan Middleton, last modified by Arnaud J LE HORS on Mar 10, 2022

**Status**

RESOLVED 

**Blocking****Outcome**rejected**Minutes Link**[16 SEP 2021](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+09+16+TSC+Meeting+Record)

# Overview of Proposal

When HL got started we were very busy with fundamental governance questions and had the luxury of strong contributions taking place in the Architecture and other working groups. Now that HL has matured significantly, it makes sense to bring those technical discussions – that we in a sense outsourced to the working groups – back into the TSC.

A goal that we can aim towards with these discussions is something of a 2021 roadmap. There are a great many questions we can delve into. Here are a few that come to mind to get others generated…

- What functionality are we lacking across the portfolio?
- What are the most difficult maintenance issues affecting the projects?
- Can we articulate a list of tooling gaps?
- What are the biggest adoption obstacles for Hyperledger technologies?

Notes from Architecture Working Group:

[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2906](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/2906)

Our current structure (for purposes of discussion):  
[https://www.hyperledger.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/HL\_Greenhouse\_Current.svg](https://www.hyperledger.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/HL_Greenhouse_Current.svg)

# Formal Proposal(s)

# Action Items

- Type your task here, using "@" to assign to a user and "//" to select a due date

# Reviewed By

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)
- [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
