1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Mark Wagner 2020

Created by Mark Wagner (Deactivated), last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Mark Wagner

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Throughout my career I have worked at some very innovative companies. I have bounced between small startups and large companies so I understand the perspective of both sides.

I have been at Red Hat for the past 13 years. I am a Senior Principal Engineer in the Performance and Scale engineering team. Many of my assignments tend to be the emerging technologies such as Hyperledger, Hybrid Cloud, etc. In this role I have been involved with most of the "stack" so I understand that working at the lower levels is different than the top of the stack. This is also somewhat true at Hyperledger.

I am very involved in Hyperledger and have sponsored multiple Labs. I was a sponsor for Project Besu because I felt that Hyperledger needed the diversity. I co-sponsored an intern this past summer and I have been active in several working groups.

# Short personal pitch

I have been active in the Hyperledger community for many years now. I am currently a TSC member and seeking reelection. I also represent the General Members on the Hyperledger Governing Board. During this time I have tried to provide a voice for the "little guy". I work to maintain your trust every day.

I proposed and now Chair the Performance and Scalability Working Group. This allows me to work across multiple projects and see what is going on across the Hyperledger ecosystem.

Those of you that attend the TSC calls, and you all should attend some to get an idea of what is going on, will see that I always try to do "the right thing". I feel that Hyperledger is at a crossroads. The Technical Steering Committee **needs**  to start working on a long term direction and began to steer us there. If you agree I would appreciate your vote.

Respectfully

-mark wagner

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
