1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Mohan Venkatamaran 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Mohan Venkatamaran

# Nominated By

Isaac Kunkel

# Short personal bio

Mohan Venkataraman is CTO at Chainyard - An IT People Company. Mohan has more than 30 years of IT experience with the last 10 focused on technology consulting. He has held previous consulting, engineering, and senior management roles with companies including Deloitte, Boston Consulting Group, MomentumSI, Nortel, MCI (now Verizon), NTT Data and Tranzyme Pharma. Mohan’s primary career focus has been on process integration, project management, IT governance, and enterprise architecture and solution delivery. His professional interests are industry-neutral and technology agnostic. He excels at transforming organizations by leveraging and harvesting their existing assets to create core capabilities that support business priorities, strategic direction and alignment between business and IT. Mohan holds Masters in Management Studies (MMS) and Masters in Science degrees from Birla Institute of Technology &amp; Science, Pilani, India. He is also a member of the North Carolina Board of Public Telecommunications and North Carolina State Bar providing technical guidance to these institutions.

# Short personal pitch

Mohan has actively been involved with the Hyperledger project for 4 years and has overseen multiple production deployments on Hyperledger Fabric including the recent "Trust Your Supplier" launch. He has excellent relationships within the Hyperledger community, has participated in Hyperledger Member Summits, forums and has done conference duty in support of the community.

In 2018, our company, Chainyard, became a member of Hyperledger and since joining, he has closely been following the TSC briefings and advising on progress. He is also actively involved with Blockchain in Transport Alliance (BiTA) community, has worked on multiple Ethereum projects, which allows him to bring a well-rounded perspective to directly contribute to Hyperledger projects such as Grid, Indy, Aris, Burrow and Besu.

His personal interests revolve around bridging the gap between Hyperledger projects and industry adoption. I know Mohan would be honored to be a member of the TSC and represent the community as the project continues to grow in popularity.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
