1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Nathan George 2021

Created by Nathan George, last modified on Sep 14, 2021

# Nominee Name

Nathan George

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Nathan George is Senior Director of Engineering for the Protocol Team at Kiva Microfunds.  At Kiva, Nathan works on enabling protocol-level solutions for data ownership and financial inclusion for the estimated 1.7 million unbanked persons world-wide.  Previously, Nathan served as the Chief Technology Officer of the Sovrin Foundation, coordinating the foundation's technology vision to bring verifiable credentials exchange and self-sovereign digital identity for all. 

With his participation in open source and open standards efforts, Nathan led growth of the open source community contributing to the Sovrin Network, and supported the initial system for writes to the Sovrin Public Ledger by public Sovrin enabled SSI products. With Nathan’s leadership, Sovrin played a key role in bringing Hyperledger Indy, the open source tools and repository needed to create applications for Sovrin Network, to Active status. He also drove creation of the latest Hyperledger projects, Ursa and Aries. Nathan is also responsible for guiding Sovrin’s crypto development, driving Sovrin’s participation in open source standards bodies, and the overall growth of Sovrin Network SSI development support services. 

Prior to his work with non-profit foundations, Nathan was a Software Architect for Evernym where he worked on the original team that created the Sovrin platform. From June 2006-October 2016, he served as a Software Engineer for data search platform Perfect Search and cybersecurity company Symantec (NYSDAQ: SYMC). His development experience spans diverse systems including robotics, GIS, file systems, big data analytics, and attribute-based security systems.

Nathan holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Utah State University and earned his M.B.A. at Brigham Young University.

# Short personal pitch

I would like to continue representing both the interests of Hyperledger Indy and Hyperledger Aries projects. We have a vibrant community that has interest in many areas. As a TSC member, I will seek to preserve the autonomy and authority of each project and their volunteers while also facilitating as much collaboration and cross ­project participation as we can, ­­building towards the strongest possible brand and a more cohesive, open community. I believe in the power of blockchain as transformative to technology and society (public, permissionless, permissioned and private), and would like to support the efforts of Brian and others, ­­building bridges in the blockchain and identity spaces, and inviting others who are doing innovative work to make our community the center of their open source development efforts.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
