1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Nicko Guyer 2021

Created by Nicko Guyer on Sep 17, 2021

# Nominee Name

Nicko Guyer

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

I am a Senior Full Stack Engineer at Kaleido and a maintainer and Community Lead for the [FireFly](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/labs/FireFly) project. Prior to Kaleido, I spent 8+ years working in the Communications Industry, building large, enterprise software as a service platforms for real-time communications. I have a passion for technology, innovation, learning new things, and helping others learn.

# Short personal pitch

I am relatively new to the world of blockchain and to the Hyperledger community. The time that I have spent as part of Hyperledger has been really great though. I have been very active in the FireFly project, both in contributing code, and also in working to build a thriving developer community around it. If elected, I would be honored to have the opportunity to help build the larger Hyperledger community while also providing technical leadership.

While I do not bring as many years of experience as other candidates do, I am able to bring something else unique: a fresh perspective. I believe an ideal Technical Steering Committee is composed of a diverse set of backgrounds, where we can learn from the deep experience of those who have been a part of this community for a long time, while also bringing new ideas to the table, in order to continue innovating. We need both perspectives to be successful.

Before joining Kaleido, I was part of an R&amp;D team that got to try all kinds of crazy new ideas. It was a lot of fun! But to me, at the end of the day, the most satisfying thing is shipping software that helps make the world a better place. It's the mix of trying an ambitious new idea, but once it's validated, executing and following through until it's actually done and delivered. I hope to bring that same energy to the TSC: a passion to try new ideas, and a persistence to deliver real value.

Thank you for your consideration!

- Nicko Guyer

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
