1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [Email Templates](Email-Templates_21451617.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Nominees' Checklist

Created by David Huseby, last modified by David Boswell on Sep 20, 2021

From: [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org)  
To: &lt;nominee email&gt;  
Subject: Confirming your nominee information for the Hyperledger TSC Election

(email for people who have created a nomination statement on the wiki)

Dear &lt;nominee name&gt;,

You have been nominated to run in the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee (TSC) election. To finalize your nomination you must do the following before the end of the week, September 24th.  This will give us the information we need to announce the list of nominees on September 27.

- Please confirm that your name appears correctly on your nomination statement on the wiki.  This is how your name will appear on the ballot.  If we don't hear back from you, we will copy your name from your statement.
- Please review your nomination statement and make any changes you'd like before the end of the week.

The election begins on October 1 and runs through the end of the day of October 15.  The results of the election will be published on the TSC mailing list on October 18.  If you have any questions about the election, feel free to write back.

Good luck!

\---------------------------------

(email for people who have not created a nomination statement on the wiki)

Dear &lt;nominee name&gt;,

You have been nominated to run in the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee (TSC) election. To finalize your nomination you must do the following before the end of the week, September 24th.  This will give us the information we need to announce the list of nominees on September 27.

- Please create a nomination statement on our wiki by going to [this page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Nomination+Statements) and clicking on the button labeled "Click here to create a nomination statement page" and then fill out and publish the page that is created. Having a statement about who you are and why you are running is a requirement for all candidates.
- Please confirm that your name appears correctly on your nomination statement on the wiki.  This is how your name will appear on the ballot.   If we don't hear back from you, we will copy your name from your statement.

The election begins on October 1 and runs through the end of the day of October 15.  The results of the election will be published on the TSC mailing list on October 18.  If you have any questions about the election, feel free to write back.

Good luck!

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
