1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Rebecca Aspler 2020

Created by Rebecca Aspler, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Rebecca Aspler

# Nominated By

Marta Piekarska-Geater 

# Short personal bio

A product management expert with extensive enterprise software experience, specializing in SaaS, B2B products for fortune 1000 enterprises. These days, I am working at Unbound Tech as director, product management, leading all blockchain MPC based initiatives, world-wide (NA, EMEA and APAC). As part of this role I’m driving innovation all the way from prototyping, market-fit validation, roadmap planning to periodical features-prioritization and specification. Staying informed of the market landscape, I’m also analyzing the enterprise blockchain ecosystem and evolving regulations. As an enthusiastic advocate of enterprise blockchain and Hyperledger, I am taking part in various events, local and global to spread knowledge and help communities learn more of Hyperledger and its security mechanisms.

# Short personal pitch

Honored to be nominated to serve on the Technical Steering Committee. 

My position at Unbound Tech will allow me to reflect the detailed use cases and security concerns of enterprises that are deploying blockchain infrastructures. Meeting opinion leaders at enterprises of various industries, such as banking, payments, supply chain, automotive, insurance, healthcare, pharmaceutical and more gives me a great viewpoint of customers concerns. Furthermore, the close work with platform suppliers, MSSPs and consulting services companies, such as KPMG, Accenture, Deloitte and more; all are helping me to understand the ecosystem that is evolving, the detailed security requirements, the partnerships and the dependencies between all parties involved. This viewpoint of the security concerns and the feature requests of DevSecOps people and CISOs, is unique and can add value to Hyperledger steering committee.

Out in the open community, it has been my pleasure lead towards the implementation of Hyperledger and to speak at various conferences. Here are a few recent examples:

- Co leading an Hyperledger Summit session - [Exploring Hardware Security Modules (HSMs), TEE, and Multi-Sig Support in Hyperledger DLTs](https://eur03.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhyperledgermembersummit.pathable.co%2Fmeetings%2Fvirtual%2FztXTHouXKD8LtrBoN&data=02%7C01%7C%7C8c261c69f0a04021178408d85c2e35a0%7C7a12dd3de8e7487195fef789b30e7545%7C0%7C0%7C637360700836640496&sdata=j7A9Ucd2t8gIBGQGcmTePrDPO5KVy3q1%2B6auFbcFilY%3D&reserved=0)
- [Hyperledger meetup - Safeguarding Digital Assets with an Enterprise Grade Digital Platform](https://eur03.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwiki.hyperledger.org%2Fdisplay%2FCMSIG%2F2020-08-12&data=02%7C01%7C%7C8c261c69f0a04021178408d85c2e35a0%7C7a12dd3de8e7487195fef789b30e7545%7C0%7C0%7C637360700836650495&sdata=x5mc9OTHNVgBK3uaRb%2B3dhlL9SylxWO9dLJiM%2FETbHQ%3D&reserved=0)
- [Hyperledger meetup - IoT Security Enabled by MPC](https://eur03.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwiki.hyperledger.org%2Fdisplay%2FIWG%2F2020-08-05&data=02%7C01%7C%7C8c261c69f0a04021178408d85c2e35a0%7C7a12dd3de8e7487195fef789b30e7545%7C0%7C0%7C637360700836650495&sdata=BiynE4VApcDoH4KtY5UiFB2RsozEDGDZaAC08h%2Btbj4%3D&reserved=0)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
