1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Sean Young 2020

Created by Sean Young, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Sean Young

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Ever since my first Zilog Z80 computer I've been writing code. I did not have an assembler at first, so I hand-typed hex opcodes. Since then, I have discovered assemblers and compilers, and I remain fascinated by compilers and compiler techniques. My main interests are smart contracts, consensus, compilers, and kernels.

For the last 11 months I've been working on [Solang](https://solang.readthedocs.io/), a brand new Solidity smart contract compiler written in rust that uses llvm to generate compiled WebAssembly smart contracts. I implemented this entirely from scratch. Most of the Solidity language is implemented; the plan is to add an EVM target, and explore using Solang for PDO. When this succeeds, then Solang can be used for Ethereum and every ledger in Hyperledger (all them can run EVM smart contracts, If I recall correctly).

I have contributed to many open source projects, from a document importer for LibreOffice, emulator components for mame, [over 380 commits for the linux kernel](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux.git/log/?qt=author&q=sean%40mess.org) and I [maintain the infrared components in the linux kernel](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux.git/tree/MAINTAINERS?id=20a7b6be0514334a30a4306331a4bcf6f78e451a#n14559). I contributed [eBPF IR decoding to linux](https://lwn.net/Articles/759188/).

Previously I spent 12 years at IBM, where I worked on telecoms software written in C and I lead a team. I am now independent.

# Short personal pitch

I am very interested in the TSC pursuing more technical issues which enable Hyperledger to succeed. Dan Middleton's long term agenda is an excellent starting point for that.

I hope my deep knowledge of smart contracts, and many years of leadership experience through leading teams and maintainership will help to contribute to Hyperledger's success.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
