1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Sownak Roy 2020

Created by Sownak Roy, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Sownak Roy

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Sownak Roy is a Technology Architect within Accenture’s Blockchain and Multi-Party Systems Entity with 15+ years of experience in the entire software development lifecycle. Sownak has been working on Blockchain (primarily Distributed Ledger Technologies) since 2017.

He is maintainer of HyperledgerLabs Blockchain Automation Framework.

# Short personal pitch

I would like to nominate myself - Sownak Roy - to serve on the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee. I am a Technology Architect at Accenture, where I focus on architecture and implementing DLT solutions.

If elected to the TSC, I will bring my strong developer experience and my deep technical expertise into shaping more wholesome opensource products/packages. I am more inclined to solve the problems in adoption of the DLT Technologies among developers as building production-grade DLT networks come with its own challenges because of the complexity.

I am already the main maintainer of [HyperledgerLabs Blockchain Automation Framework](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-automation-framework). I have lead technical workshops (both physical and virtual) and was the main speaker in a few Hyperledger meetups around the globe.

My focus would be on 

- making DLT technologies easier to adopt at the lowest level
- Getting more developers to contribute to Hyperledger projects by hosting Contribute-a-thons
- work on making the varied Hyperledger projects to be more cohesive with each other.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
