1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_21447696.html)
4. [TSC Decision Log](TSC-Decision-Log_21437418.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Subprojects not formally defined

Created by Arnaud J LE HORS, last modified by Swetha Repakula on Dec 11, 2019

**Status**

RESOLVEDÂ 

**Outcome**Unanimously approved**Minutes Link**[2019 11 07 TSC Minutes](2019-11-07-TSC-Minutes_21437626.html)

# Overview of Proposal

See the [Project Lifecycle Task Force Issue 6](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TF/pages/20873487/Issue+6+Should+we+have+subprojects+and+fewer+toplevel+projects)

# Formal Proposal(s)

Projects may decide to manage component development as subprojects but no formal definition of subproject is intended by the TSC.

When a project sends to the TSC its quarterly report, it needs to include anything relevant from all related efforts.

From a decision process perspective, it is expected that all maintainers have a maintainer vote and maintainers need to work out between themselves who maintains which pieces and how they resolve conflict. Projects should document how decisions are made and by whom.

Of course, if any conflict were to rise between maintainers within a project that can not be resolved by the project's own governance, the issue can be brought up to the TSC for arbitration.

# Action Items

- Type your task here, using "@" to assign to a user and "//" to select a due date

# Reviewed By

- [Angelo de Caro](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:d6b0f0e4-825f-4f16-88e1-4d14e95f2f10?ref=confluence)
- [Arnaud J LE HORS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0e75e3b8-500a-4067-9f7e-ed46e91bcb9d?ref=confluence)
- [Christopher Ferris](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5abb903a8724022aa9070581?ref=confluence)
- [Dan Middleton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:2979764a-3998-4ef1-8810-60b799067924?ref=confluence)
- [Gari Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:51429e31-90f4-4684-b7cd-9a4fe15ff188?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence)
- [Nathan George](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3e7556ab-cdb8-47f5-8b68-12a3378021fd?ref=confluence)
- [Swetha Repakula](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:503b5691-8e92-4d2d-83d3-e9e74d296436?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Troy Ronda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c854f35a-2b58-4be3-9003-ca2a67495580?ref=confluence)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
