1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Swetha Repakula 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Swetha Repakula

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

Swetha Repakula is currently a software engineer at IBM’s Open Technologies. For the last two years, she has been working on Hyperledger Fabric, specifically on its EVM integration. Previously, she was a full time open source contributor for Cloud Foundry. Working as a CF committer, she had the opportunity to directly work with engineers from different companies and witness how corporations can come together and effectively cooperate to contribute to open source technology. She is found at many open source conferences presenting on Hyperledger, Fabric and the EVM integration.

# Short personal pitch

I am interested in enabling and sharing ideas across companies and projects. I have learned the power of collaboration from working with Burrow to create the fabric-chaincode-evm. This component has taught me how to interact and work across projects and companies to build new software and features. Similarly, I have had the opportunity to work with Truffle to enable an integration between Fabric and Truffle. I believe cross project pollination is good for our community and want to continue down that path. Some of the ways I have worked towards this goal is being a technical ambassador for the Hyperledger community as well as mentoring students through the Internship program. I enjoy speaking and teaching others about our Hyperledger Community and the work that I do. I look forward to the opportunity of being a TSC member and working towards diversifying our community.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
