1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : TOC Election 2022

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified by Ry Jones on Sep 12, 2023

# Charter

> **4. Technical Oversight Committee (“TOC”)**
> 
> a. Composition
> 
> i. Composition. The TOC voting members shall consist of eleven (11) individuals who are active within the scope of the Hyperledger Foundation and who have nominated themselves for the TOC and have been elected or appointed pursuant to Section 4.a.ii. or Section 4.a.iii. (such individuals for a particular election, the “TOC Nominees”).
> 
> ii. Elections. Elections will be administered and overseen by the TOC. All maintainers (or similar technical role in the case of Supported Projects that have different technical roles than TOC Projects) of any Technical Project who have been active in the past year will elect six (6) individuals from among the TOC Nominees to serve as TOC voting members.
> 
> iii. Appointments. For the purposes of ensuring appropriate diversity on the TOC and that the TOC has all of the relevant expertise concerning the scope of the Hyperledger Foundation’s technical activities, the Governing Board annually will appoint the remaining five (5) voting members of the TOC from among the TOC Nominees.
> 
> iv. As used in Sections 4.a.i. and 4.a.ii., “active” means having made at least one contribution accepted to any Technical Project during the prior 12 months.
> 
> v. At any time the TOC may vote to approve an alternate composition of the TOC, with the approval of the Governing Board.

# Nomination Process and Timeline

## TOC Nominees

Nomination period: 17 Oct 2022 - 31 Oct 2022 

To nominate yourself for the TOC, first determine [if you are eligible](https://labs.hyperledger.org/toc-eligibility-check/) (see above). If you are eligible, then send an email to [election-2022@hyperledger.org](mailto:election-2022@hyperledger.org) with the subject "TOC Election Nomination" and the following message:

```
Dear Election Committee,

  
I nominate myself for the TOC election. My email address is <email> and my GitHub ID is <github id>.

  
The contributions that I have had to the Hyperledger Foundation in the past year is (please check all that apply)
- code contribution to project/lab
- maintainer of project/lab
- TOC Member
- Lab Steward
- SIG leader
- Task Force leader
- Other (please provide details)

  
Thanks,
<Your Name>
```

Then, [file an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/hyperledger/governance/issues/new/choose) with your nomination statement.

## Nomination Timeline

- 17 Oct 2022 - The community architects will gather the GitHub IDs of the active maintainers and  [update the eligibility check site](https://labs.hyperledger.org/toc-eligibility-check/) .
- 17 Oct 2022 - The community architects will gather the GitHub IDs of the active contributors and [update the eligibility check site](https://labs.hyperledger.org/toc-eligibility-check/) .
- 17 Oct 2022 - Update the [email templates](Email-Templates_21451617.html) to reflect the dates for the 2022 election cycle.
- 17 Oct 2022 - Publish the template for submitting nominations and open the call for nominees.
- 17 Oct 2022 - Communication sent to [Hyperledger Discord announcement channel](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/953133039372877844) announcing the call for TOC nominations using the above template.
- 17 Oct 2022 - TOC will be notified via email that the call for nominations has begun.
- 27 Oct 2022 - Reminder communication sent about nominations to [Hyperledger Discord announcement channel](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/953133039372877844) about the call for TOC nominations using the above template.
- 31 Oct 2022 - Nominations close EOD Pacific. Go through activity log of the election list during the nomination period to see if any nomination statements were tagged as spam and rejected.  Follow up with people as needed.
- 31 Oct 2022 - All nominees must have created their nomination statement on the wiki prior to EOD.

# Election Process

## Voting

Voting period: 01 Nov 2022 - 30 Nov 2022 

The individuals eligible to vote in the TOC election is defined in §4.a.ii of the [Hyperledger Charter](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/charter). The election will be created using [https://vote.heliosvoting.org/](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/). The vote will elect 6 people from the list of TOC nominees.

## Election Timeline

- 01 Nov 2022 - Formally announce the slate of candidates.
- 01 Nov 2022 - Open the vote using [https://vote.heliosvoting.org/](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/). A GitHub notification will be sent to eligible voters with information about casting their ballot. GitHub IDs will be used for the voters.
- 01 Nov 2022 - TOC will be notified via email that the vote is open.
- 30 Nov 2022 - Election closes at 23:59 US/Pacific time (Dec. 1, 2022, 7:59 a.m. (UTC).)
- 01 Dec 2022 - The vote results will determine the 6 elected TOC members. These members will be removed from the appointment vote.

# Appointment Process

## Voting

Appointment Period 01 Dec 2022 - 09 Dec 2022 

The Governing Board will appoint 5 people from the list of TOC Nominees excluding the 6 elected TOC members. The Governing Board will be provided with the results of the election from the maintainers so that they can ensure appropriate diversity of the TOC during their vote.

## Appointment Timeline

- 01 Dec 2022 - Open the vote using OpaVote, Condorcet IRV ranking/election method.
- 01 Dec 2022 - An email will be sent to the governing board informing them of the vote and to look for a separate email with the link. In addition, the results of the election from the maintainers will be provided to the Governing Board.
- 07 Dec 2022 - Reminder email sent to the governing board.
- 15 Dec 2022 - Election closes at noon UTC
- 16 Dec 2022 - Email sent to the TOC mailing list announcing the newly elected and appointed TOC members.

# TOC Chair/Vice Chair Election

- 12 Dec 2022 - 06 Jan 2023 Incoming TOC elects the new TOC chair and vice chair

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
