1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2021](TSC-Election-2021_21442572.html)
5. [2021 Nomination Statements](2021-Nomination-Statements_21430631.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Tracy Kuhrt 2021

Created by Tracy Kuhrt, last modified on Sep 15, 2021

# Nominee Name

Tracy Kuhrt

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Tracy Kuhrt is a Technology Architect within Accenture’s Emerging Technology with 25+ years of experience covering the entire software development lifecycle. Tracy has been involved in the blockchain space since 2015, with a primary focus on Hyperledger. 

# Short personal pitch

I would like to nominate myself - Tracy Kuhrt - to serve on the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee. I am a Technology Architect at Accenture, where I focus on architecting and implementing blockchain solutions. I have also worked closely with our teams at Accenture to contribute some of our internal assets to Hyperledger – Hyperledger Cactus and Blockchain Automation Framework, a Hyperledger Lab.

Prior to joining Accenture, I spent not quite 2 years as a Hyperledger Community Architect evangelizing the organization and all of its projects at both meetups and conferences around the world, supporting the community, and improving the collaboration tools. This experience allowed me to build relationships with many in the community and gain a deep understanding of the challenges that the technical community faces on a daily basis.

In addition to my role as a Hyperledger Community Architect, I was one of the co-proposers of Hyperledger Labs, and I actively serve as a Hyperledger Labs Steward.  I have contributed to many of the Hyperledger projects and labs. I am a maintainer of the [Hyperledger Community Management Tools lab](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-community-management-tools). I am part of the Hyperledger Speakers Bureau, and I served as a co-chair for the 2020 Hyperledger Global Forum program committee. I have served on the Hyperledger TSC for the past two years and was the vice chair this past year.

During the past year, as a member of the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee, I helped to draft the [Incubation Entry Criteria](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/pull/13), drafted the [changes to the project lifecycle to support the new Dormant state](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/pull/9), [updated the Hyperledger landscape to include the projects](https://github.com/hyperledger-landscape/hl-landscape/pulls?q=is%3Apr%20author%3Atkuhrt%20is%3Aclosed%20), and was actively involved in all discussions and reviews. I would be honored to continue serving on the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee and will strive to make the community even stronger. Thank you for your consideration.

Communities are stronger when

- everyone is welcome and people feel like they belong.
- there is a diverse set of opinions.
- we push each other out of our comfort zones.
- we listen and learn from others (be those others in the community or outside of the community).
- we have shared goals.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
