1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Troy Ronda 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Troy Ronda

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

I am Chief Scientist with SecureKey where I guide our open development team and lead technical strategy for our DLT-backed identity and authentication platform. I strongly believe in leveraging distributed ledger technology and standards to solve business and trust problems and am very enthusiastic about creating solutions based on Hyperledger projects and furthering discussions with the community. I have more than ten years of software development and product management experience advancing initiatives that leverage technologies such as distributed ledger technology, identity and data exchange, proximity technology (eg, NFC), secure elements and mobile solutions. I hold a M.Sc. in Computer Science from the University of Toronto.

# Short personal pitch

I am an active contributor to the Hyperledger community by serving as a maintainer for Aries Framework Go and Fabric SDK Go (where you can also find me in the chat rooms). I am excited for the opportunity to further contribute to the Hyperledger community by participating in the TSC. I believe my experience working on distributed ledger technology, decentralized identity, data exchange, privacy, and security are highly relevant to our community. I am interested in an agenda that promotes interoperability between DLT-backed applications, particularly in the areas of identity and data exchange.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
