1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : TSC Election 2021

Created by Ry Jones, last modified by David Boswell on Sep 27, 2021

## If you have any questions about the election, nomination, or you think you should be eligible to vote but are not showing up in the [online check tool](https://hyperledger-labs.github.io/voters/), please email [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org)

## Nominees

- Self-nominations for the TSC election will open on 30 Aug 2021

## Timeline

- ✓30 Aug 2021 The community architects will export contribution data from the Insights tool to gather the email addresses of contributors and [update the eligibility check site](https://hyperledger-labs.github.io/voters/).  The export will not include data from the community's mailing list and chat channels.
- ✓30 Aug 2021 Publish the email template for submitting nominations and open the call for nominees.
- ✓30 Aug 2021 Communication sent to all eligible voters [announcing the call for nominations](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Email+for+Calling+for+Nominations) (to include an email to the lists for projects, labs, WGs and SIGs plus communication through Github and the member and developer newsletters to reach anyone not on those lists). TSC will be notified via email that the announcement has gone out.
- ✓07 Sep 2021 Communication sent out about checking for eligibility to vote
- ✓15 Sep 2021 Communication about nominations and eligibility check sent to all eligible voters t[wo days prior to the close of nominations as a reminder](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Email+Reminder+for+Nominations).
- ✓17 Sep 2021 Nominations close EOD Pacific. Go through activity log of the election list during the nomination period to see if any nomination statements were tagged as spam and rejected.  Follow up with people as needed.
- **✓**20 Sep 2021 - 27 Sep 2021 Send [nominee checklist email](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Email+Nominees%27+Checklist) to nominees to 1) confirm their nomination and 2) remind them to add a [nomination statement page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/2021+Nomination+Statements).
- ✓27 Sep 2021 Formally announce the slate of candidates.
- ✓01 Oct 2021 Open the TSC election voting via OpaVote. An email will be sent to all eligible voters with information about casting their ballot
- ✓01 Oct 2021 TSC will be notified via email that the announcement has gone out.
- ✓08 Oct 2021 [Email](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Reminding+People+to+Vote) sent to all eligible voters to remind them to vote.
- ✓13 Oct 2021 [Email](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/TSC/Last+Chance+to+Vote+Reminder) sent to all eligible voters two days prior to the close of voting as a reminder.
- ✓15 Oct 2021 Close voting 11:59 PM PDT/GMT-7
- ✓18 Oct 2021 Email sent to the TSC mailing list announcing the results of the election.
- **→**18 Oct 2021 - 24 Oct 2021 Incoming TSC elects new TSC chairperson.

## Eligibility

The [Hyperledger Charter](https://www.hyperledger.org/about/charter) §4.a.ii defines the technical steering committee.

- **Steady State:** After the Startup Period, there shall be a nomination and election period for electing Contributors or Maintainers to the TSC. The TSC voting members shall consist of fifteen (15) elected Contributors or Maintainers chosen by the Active Contributors. An Active Contributor is defined as any Contributor who has had a contribution accepted into the code base during the prior twelve (12) months. The TSC shall approve the process and timing for nominations and elections held on an annual basis.
- **Maintainers:** Contributors who have the ability to commit code and contributions to a project’s main branch on an HLP project. A Contributor may become a Maintainer by a majority approval of the existing Maintainers.
- **Contributors:** Anyone in the technical community that contributes code, documentation or other technical artifacts to the HLP codebase.

## FAQ

**Q:** How does one qualify to be able to vote or be nominated?

**A:** The Charter states "Anyone in the technical community that contributes code, documentation or other technical artifacts to the HLP codebase."

The Community Architecture team gathers this information together by exporting contribution data from the Linux Foundation's [Insights metrics dashboard](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/hyperledger).  This dashboard tracks activities from people who have contributed to the community Github and Confluence tools.  There is also a form where people can petition about other technical contributions that have been made.

**Q:** How do I nominate myself or another person to run for a TSC seat?

**A:** First determine if you or the other person is eligible, see above.  If you are nominated somebody other than yourself, please contact them first and ask if they would like to be nominated. Then send an email to the [election mailing list](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org)  with the subject "**TSC Election Nomination**" with the following message:

Dear Election Committee,  
I nominate myself/&lt;nominee's name&gt; for the TSC election. My/their email address is &lt;email&gt;.

Thanks,  
&lt;your name&gt;

**Q:** Somebody nominated me for the TSC and I do not want to do it, what can I do?

**A:** All nominees will be asked confirm whether they want to be considered for the election. All you have to do is either respond to that email with "no" or email the [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org) mailing list to say you do not want to be considered for the election.

**Q:** I think I should be eligible to vote in the Hyperledger TSC election. How do I appeal to be included?

**A:** Send an email to [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org) with the subject "**Voter Eligibility**" and the following message:

My name: &lt;your name&gt;

My email: &lt;your email&gt;

I believe I should be able to vote in the TSC election because.... &lt;your reason for why you think you are eligible&gt;

**Q:** I didn't get an email.  How do I check? 

**A:** You can use our [online eligibility tool](https://hyperledger-labs.github.io/voters/) to check if your email is in the list of our eligible voters. You should check that email address you used at GitHub. We have had many complaints of them getting sent to spam. We are working on this but it is best if you whitelist [hyperledger.org](http://hyperledger.org). If your email address isn't in our list but you believe it should be you can appeal by following answer to the above question and send an email.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
