1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2019](TSC-Election-2019_21434240.html)
5. [2019 Nomination Statements](2019-Nomination-Statements_21448772.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Vikas Pandey 2019

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Sep 03, 2020

# Nominee Name

Vikas Pandey

# Nominated By

self

# Short personal bio

Over the past 2 years, I have worked on production-grade Hyperledger applications in the healthcare and government utility area. I believe that modern and exponential technologies have the power to do good for the people and society we live in. All my projects are centered around this theme of improving the ecosystem.  I am a strong believer of decentralized systems and have the right blend of technical (machine learning and blockchain) and business skills (to be able to separate the "need" from the "want" ). I believe that Hyperledger has the tools and people which is helping to solve and will solve even further in the coming years quite a lot of societal challenges, for example, privacy, identity, data sharing, inter-operability to name a few.  

# Short personal pitch

I have made multiple contributions to Hyperledger ( technical and business alike) over the past 1 year or so. Some of them being:

1. Evangelizing Hyperledger across West Europe ( Germany, The Netherlands, Denmark, France to name a few).
2. Currently working on a World Economic Forum project and waste management project ([http://excessmaterialsexchange.com/](http://excessmaterialsexchange.com/)) promoting Hyperledger for a global impact assignment.
3. Regularly promoting blockchain in the "technology for social good" ecosystem by showcasing the benefits it brings to the society
4. Developing a debt management solution with a university in The Netherlands using Hyperledger
5. Developing a healthcare application using Hyperledger to protect patient privacy
6. Speaking at European Union events and MIT events in Europe to promote blockchain and more so Hyperledger for its Enterprise benefits

In the coming years, I envision to contribute to improving the Hyperledger Ecosystem through the following ways :

1. Technical Contribution through the code improvements
2. Launch and promote the products developed using Hyperledger
3. Promote Hyperledger in universities and institutes through education.
4. Continue to evangelize Hyperledger across the West Europe region, primarily focussing on " technology for social good" aspects.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
