1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [Email Templates](Email-Templates_21451617.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Voting Information Confirmation

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Sep 07, 2021

To: [Groups.io](http://Groups.io) lists for projects, labs, WGs and SIGs + Note on Github to Hyperledger and Hyperledger Labs orgs

Subject: Check your eligibility to vote in the upcoming Technical Steering Committee election

Voting for this year's Technical Steering Committee election starts on October 1 and closes on October 15.  We ask that everyone take a couple of minutes now to confirm you are showing up correctly in the voter rolls so you can participate when the voting starts.

Voting is open to any community member who has contributed in the last 12 months. We have exported information about who has contributed, but it is important you confirm we have the correct data.  It is possible that our information includes a different email address than you would prefer and it is possible your contribution is not showing up in our export.

To check your availability, visit the [Hyperledger Voter Eligibility Check](https://labs.hyperledger.org/voters/) and check your email address.

[https://labs.hyperledger.org/voters/](https://labs.hyperledger.org/voters/)

If the information we have for you is incorrect or if you're not showing up, please email [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org) and we will help.

Thanks,

\---------------------------

Variation of note to email directly to the people in the contributor export

To: People in the contributor export

Subject: Confirm your voter information for the upcoming Technical Steering Committee election

Voting for this year's Technical Steering Committee election starts on October 1 and closes on October 15.  We ask that you take a couple of minutes now to confirm you are showing up correctly in the voter rolls so you can participate when the voting starts.

This email address was included in the list of contributors from the last 12 months that we have exported from our metrics tool.  It is possible that this address is not the right email to use now.  For instance, you could have contributed earlier in the year with a work email address for a company you're no longer working for.

If the information we have for you is incorrect, please email [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org) and we will help.  You can also use the Voter Eligibility Check site to see if any other of your email addresses are included in the voter roll.

[https://labs.hyperledger.org/voters/](https://labs.hyperledger.org/voters/)

And if you are interested in running in the election, please be sure to send a nomination to [election@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:election@lists.hyperledger.org) before the nomination process closes at the end of the day on September 17.

Apologies if you've already received a note about checking for eligibility.  We're reaching out in multiple ways to make sure we contact everyone who has been contributing.

Thanks,

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
