1. [Technical Oversight Committee](index.html)
2. [Technical Oversight Committee Home](Technical-Oversight-Committee-Home_21430274.html)
3. [TOC Elections](TOC-Elections_21448771.html)
4. [TSC Election 2020](TSC-Election-2020_21434260.html)
5. [2020 Nomination Statements](2020-Nomination-Statements_21451712.html)

# Technical Oversight Committee : Yuxiang Liu 2020

Created by david liu, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2021

# Nominee Name

Yuxiang Liu

# Nominated By

Self

# Short personal bio

Yuxiang is a CTO at Mediconcen.  He has been involved in the blockchain space since 2017, with a primary focus on Hyperledger.

# Short personal pitch

I would like to nominate myself - Yuxiang Liu - to serve on the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee. In Mediconcen, I focus on product architect with blockchain-native transaction processor and implementing central middle-ware. 

I am part of the Hyperledger Technical Ambassador and Speaker Bureau, and I served as a mentor for the 2019 Hyperledger internship program.

As one of TWGC committee members, I am pushing forward localization progress in Chinese community, including national standards interpretation collaboration, national crypto library invitation to incubate and inter-operation improvement. 

I am pursuing:

- Provide different opinion and voice in TSC from Chinese Community more frankly and transparently.
- Lower the barrier of contribution from Chinese community
- Improve project health on maintainer nomination cycle and maintainer diversity

Thank you for your consideration.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:23

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
