WEBVTT

1
00:00:04.940 --> 00:00:10.240
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Welcome everybody. It's February. Welcome to February. Second

2
00:00:10.710 --> 00:00:15.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Hyper, Ledger, Technical Oversight Committee call, as you are probably all aware.

3
00:00:15.930 --> 00:00:21.210
Tracy Kuhrt: 2 things that we must divide by on this call. The first is the antitrust policy

4
00:00:21.330 --> 00:00:24.630
Tracy Kuhrt: that is currently displayed on the screen.

5
00:00:24.920 --> 00:00:29.639
Tracy Kuhrt: and the second is our code of conduct which is linked in the agenda.

6
00:00:30.830 --> 00:00:34.699
Tracy Kuhrt: So for our agenda today we have some announcement.

7
00:00:36.930 --> 00:00:41.740
Tracy Kuhrt: If who's ever sharing would take us to the agenda? That would be great.

8
00:00:41.970 --> 00:00:51.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you. So the first one is the standard one, the Dev Weekly developer Newsletter that goes out each Friday. If you have something that you would like to include in that

9
00:00:51.730 --> 00:00:58.569
Tracy Kuhrt: Newsletter. Please leave a comment on the Wiki page that is linked in the agenda.

10
00:00:59.070 --> 00:01:05.710
Tracy Kuhrt: the second one. So last week we approved project reports being submitted via Github

11
00:01:05.900 --> 00:01:14.569
Tracy Kuhrt: Ryan. I worked on basically getting. I did all the old reports and got them migrated over to Github.

12
00:01:14.630 --> 00:01:19.779
Tracy Kuhrt: I set up some a default template for the project reports.

13
00:01:19.870 --> 00:01:27.419
Tracy Kuhrt: We've actually had our first project report submitted on Github. So in the future, if you are somebody who Files

14
00:01:27.450 --> 00:01:30.810
Tracy Kuhrt: project reports. Github is the place for those.

15
00:01:31.930 --> 00:01:35.550
Tracy Kuhrt: The third announcement that we have is

16
00:01:35.690 --> 00:01:39.190
Tracy Kuhrt: that the Hyper Ledger Mentorship program has kicked off.

17
00:01:39.570 --> 00:01:44.539
Tracy Kuhrt: So we're currently looking for mentorship project proposals.

18
00:01:44.670 --> 00:01:48.380
Tracy Kuhrt: and if you do have a project proposal, please submit that

19
00:01:48.420 --> 00:01:50.590
Tracy Kuhrt: prior to March fifteenth.

20
00:01:50.960 --> 00:01:54.240
Tracy Kuhrt: we will be having men come and talk to us

21
00:01:54.280 --> 00:01:56.509
Tracy Kuhrt: in a couple of weeks to

22
00:01:56.760 --> 00:02:01.600
Tracy Kuhrt: tell us more about what the Hyper Ledger Mentorship program is, and also to

23
00:02:01.640 --> 00:02:09.760
Tracy Kuhrt: put a call out for people who would be willing to review the different for project proposals that come out to

24
00:02:09.870 --> 00:02:11.680
Tracy Kuhrt: get the

25
00:02:11.730 --> 00:02:13.340
Tracy Kuhrt: ones that we think are

26
00:02:13.530 --> 00:02:18.439
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of match. The criteria that the mentorship program has.

27
00:02:18.480 --> 00:02:22.809
Tracy Kuhrt: So that's in a couple of weeks. But in the meantime, if you do have a project

28
00:02:23.230 --> 00:02:26.940
Tracy Kuhrt: mentorship project that you would like to propose. Please do so

29
00:02:28.850 --> 00:02:31.439
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. Any other announcements that anybody has.

30
00:02:41.630 --> 00:02:47.219
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, not seeing any him. So anybody else coming off mute. I will take that as a.

31
00:02:47.350 --> 00:02:53.050
Tracy Kuhrt: So as far as quarterly reports, we are still waiting on the earth to report to come in.

32
00:02:53.270 --> 00:02:57.290
Tracy Kuhrt: We did, as I mentioned. Get the Hyper ledger statute

33
00:02:57.430 --> 00:02:59.750
Tracy Kuhrt: coming in on Github.

34
00:03:01.410 --> 00:03:07.810
Tracy Kuhrt: So I link here in the agenda about the Pr. And a rendered version of that report for you to take a look at.

35
00:03:07.880 --> 00:03:21.760
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, as of this morning, and i'm sure somebody might have snuck in since last time I looked. But when I looked there were, I think, 6 people who had had a chance to review that, and we're still waiting on 5 others to take a look at that.

36
00:03:21.940 --> 00:03:24.710
Tracy Kuhrt: So please do take a look at that report.

37
00:03:24.890 --> 00:03:28.750
Tracy Kuhrt: The Hyper Ledger Areas report came in last week

38
00:03:28.980 --> 00:03:30.130
Tracy Kuhrt: and

39
00:03:30.210 --> 00:03:31.220
Tracy Kuhrt: was

40
00:03:31.530 --> 00:03:36.770
Tracy Kuhrt: reviewed by, I think, the majority of us, but any questions on any of the Quarterly reports.

41
00:03:44.900 --> 00:03:53.709
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, another rezoning, though. So we do also have some upcoming reports. Today we have the Indie and the Non cred that are also due.

42
00:03:53.850 --> 00:03:58.510
Tracy Kuhrt: and then we have a hyper ledger. You know how that's coming to you next week.

43
00:03:58.690 --> 00:04:02.060
Tracy Kuhrt: so we will look forward to receiving those

44
00:04:03.770 --> 00:04:13.330
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. So for discussion items. We have 2 discussion items. The first one is something that I added Yesterday, since we were moving other things to Github.

45
00:04:13.480 --> 00:04:18.780
Tracy Kuhrt: I was curious. If we wanted to also move these meeting agendas to Github.

46
00:04:18.890 --> 00:04:24.480
Tracy Kuhrt: and then the the other agenda item that we have is the task force proposals.

47
00:04:24.670 --> 00:04:27.459
Tracy Kuhrt: I will say that there are a number of

48
00:04:27.750 --> 00:04:34.329
Tracy Kuhrt: Poc members who have not put their name anywhere, and I don't know if that's because you're not interested, or you Just Haven't

49
00:04:34.400 --> 00:04:35.860
Tracy Kuhrt: completed the

50
00:04:35.940 --> 00:04:39.470
Tracy Kuhrt: the task to add your name to any of those task forces

51
00:04:39.750 --> 00:04:43.929
Tracy Kuhrt: definitely important to do that. So if you want to do that here

52
00:04:44.030 --> 00:04:52.170
Tracy Kuhrt: while we're while I'm wasting a bit of time. Please do do that so that we can make sure that we know which ones we want to prioritize.

53
00:04:52.480 --> 00:04:57.010
Tracy Kuhrt: But let's have a discussion about the first agenda item.

54
00:04:57.710 --> 00:05:02.840
Tracy Kuhrt: Do we want to move meeting agendas to Github? Or do we want them to stay out of the Wiki.

55
00:05:04.700 --> 00:05:10.129
Tracy Kuhrt: So if you wouldn't mind opening up the proposal there, whoever is sharing the screen

56
00:05:10.260 --> 00:05:12.720
Tracy Kuhrt: on the the meeting agenda to Github.

57
00:05:14.210 --> 00:05:16.840
Tracy Kuhrt: so yeah, like I said.

58
00:05:17.080 --> 00:05:18.889
Tracy Kuhrt: as far as

59
00:05:19.200 --> 00:05:25.470
Tracy Kuhrt: other things that we're moving to Github into basically that hyper ledger. Org

60
00:05:26.610 --> 00:05:30.340
Tracy Kuhrt: wanted to see if we wanted to move the meeting minutes there.

61
00:05:30.930 --> 00:05:34.760
Tracy Kuhrt: specifically having the poc chair create a request

62
00:05:35.030 --> 00:05:37.449
Tracy Kuhrt: to add the meeting agenda

63
00:05:37.600 --> 00:05:43.759
Tracy Kuhrt: during the Toc meeting, having the pr modified to include any of the attendees that we have.

64
00:05:43.880 --> 00:05:47.050
Tracy Kuhrt: And then, after the Poc meeting.

65
00:05:47.120 --> 00:05:50.280
Tracy Kuhrt: why, I think you have a comment about the recordings.

66
00:05:50.440 --> 00:05:57.449
Tracy Kuhrt: and then just going through the process of getting approvals and getting that merge to to Github.

67
00:05:57.930 --> 00:06:01.520
Tracy Kuhrt: So why did you want to comment on that? The recordings piece?

68
00:06:09.310 --> 00:06:11.280
Tracy Kuhrt: It came off mute, but

69
00:06:11.520 --> 00:06:13.089
Tracy Kuhrt: we don't hear you.

70
00:06:13.380 --> 00:06:16.330
Ry Jones: Okay, there. Okay.

71
00:06:18.040 --> 00:06:22.050
Ry Jones: The the recordings are obviously not too large to host on. Get up.

72
00:06:24.140 --> 00:06:25.530
Ry Jones: I was thinking

73
00:06:26.010 --> 00:06:32.319
Ry Jones: for other reasons. I've been looking into where we can store big stuff doesn't change. Archive Org

74
00:06:32.700 --> 00:06:36.999
Ry Jones: is a free place to host big things that don't change.

75
00:06:37.330 --> 00:06:39.669
Ry Jones: So I was thinking about using archive org.

76
00:06:41.600 --> 00:06:44.180
Ry Jones: But i'm not married to that.

77
00:06:44.810 --> 00:06:49.249
Ry Jones: The other thing that we could do is to continue to upload those to the wiki and

78
00:06:49.680 --> 00:06:50.880
Ry Jones: point to the Wiki.

79
00:06:52.940 --> 00:06:54.780
Ry Jones: I don't have strong feelings either way.

80
00:07:00.440 --> 00:07:01.150
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

81
00:07:04.890 --> 00:07:10.150
Tracy Kuhrt: I think the the main concern is that we want to put them some place where we want them.

82
00:07:10.380 --> 00:07:13.259
Tracy Kuhrt: so that we need to go back and listen to them.

83
00:07:13.370 --> 00:07:19.719
Tracy Kuhrt: I remember just recently we had a question come up about some decision that we had taken. And Why did we take that?

84
00:07:19.840 --> 00:07:29.209
Tracy Kuhrt: We we dug through the recordings right to listen to kind of our reasoning. So I want to make sure that wherever we put the recordings. We're not going to lose them.

85
00:07:31.860 --> 00:07:34.370
Ry Jones: Right? Which sounds very reasonable.

86
00:07:34.890 --> 00:07:35.610
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah.

87
00:07:37.990 --> 00:07:38.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Title.

88
00:07:39.950 --> 00:07:55.849
Timo Glastra: Yeah, it is it? Just like for the poc meetings? This? Or is it like more? As also to try for more general, because all the other working groups and stuff is hosted on on the Wiki? Like? Is there a a bigger plan behind this, or is it just like for this specific meeting?

89
00:07:57.410 --> 00:08:04.659
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah. So this is specifically for the Toc meeting. So if if you take a look and go to to to Hyper ledger.org.

90
00:08:04.800 --> 00:08:11.149
Tracy Kuhrt: you will see that we're we're starting to move things over there that are specifically right related to the

91
00:08:11.170 --> 00:08:13.140
Technical Oversight Committee.

92
00:08:13.650 --> 00:08:16.529
So we have all the governing documents. We have.

93
00:08:16.580 --> 00:08:29.180
Tracy Kuhrt: the guidelines that we've developed over the years information for us as members who we are as as well as what do we? What are we responsible for? And then the project updates that we just moved over.

94
00:08:29.340 --> 00:08:32.370
Tracy Kuhrt: So my thought was that we would have kind of a fifth.

95
00:08:32.480 --> 00:08:35.240
Tracy Kuhrt: that down here that was the meeting minutes

96
00:08:35.460 --> 00:08:38.789
Tracy Kuhrt: to to really have them all in one place.

97
00:08:43.169 --> 00:08:47.130
Timo Glastra: Okay, yeah, I think, for for the auto meetings, like what I think, what

98
00:08:47.160 --> 00:08:50.910
Timo Glastra: most of the benefits of using the the Hyper ledger Wiki also

99
00:08:50.940 --> 00:09:02.100
Timo Glastra: always lost. There is the collaborative features of it, and that multiple people can add links and take notes at the same time. But i'm not sure how how relevant it is.

100
00:09:02.290 --> 00:09:05.230
Timo Glastra: The Poc meeting notes.

101
00:09:06.550 --> 00:09:14.360
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, it's a good point, you know. I think there's been a couple of times when we have done some collaborative editing on some documents on the Wiki

102
00:09:14.450 --> 00:09:20.870
Tracy Kuhrt: during this meeting. Very few, I think I can probably count on one hand the number of times that we've done that

103
00:09:21.070 --> 00:09:25.909
Tracy Kuhrt: so probably not as important as maybe some of those other meetings, but

104
00:09:26.270 --> 00:09:28.640
Tracy Kuhrt: is something that yeah, it's worth considering.

105
00:09:33.440 --> 00:09:35.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Anybody else have any thoughts on this.

106
00:09:37.270 --> 00:09:38.130
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby?

107
00:09:38.790 --> 00:09:46.919
Bobbi Muscara: So I just have a question. So as a foundation, are we moving away from confluence? Is that like the goal of this, or is it because

108
00:09:47.900 --> 00:09:49.339
Bobbi Muscara: a lot of the other

109
00:09:49.420 --> 00:09:56.800
Bobbi Muscara: special interest groups and all those part of the trainings, or get them familiar with the Wiki Page and i'm just curious if that's

110
00:09:57.030 --> 00:10:02.589
Bobbi Muscara: a trend moving away from confluence as again a hyper ledger foundation.

111
00:10:03.570 --> 00:10:05.510
Ry Jones: I'm: i'm gonna say no.

112
00:10:06.900 --> 00:10:08.040
Ry Jones: So

113
00:10:08.530 --> 00:10:15.709
Ry Jones: the my original desire behind moving a bunch of stuff to get a bunch of historical stuff to Github

114
00:10:15.980 --> 00:10:20.350
Ry Jones: was that we lost some of the foundational documents for hyper ledger.

115
00:10:20.460 --> 00:10:27.050
Ry Jones: like we don't have the original Saw Tooth proposal anywhere that I can find. There are a couple of other documents that are missing.

116
00:10:27.730 --> 00:10:29.519
Ry Jones: so I want to preserve those

117
00:10:29.840 --> 00:10:33.310
Ry Jones: and the same thing for the

118
00:10:35.430 --> 00:10:37.689
Ry Jones: for the meeting.

119
00:10:37.990 --> 00:10:39.850
Ry Jones: Sorry for the project updates

120
00:10:40.290 --> 00:10:43.070
Ry Jones: in the Wiki. There is no

121
00:10:44.800 --> 00:10:46.889
Ry Jones: like anyone can go in

122
00:10:47.030 --> 00:10:47.860
Ry Jones: and

123
00:10:48.080 --> 00:10:52.569
Ry Jones: edit these pages on the Wiki, so we don't know who actually reviewed what?

124
00:10:52.600 --> 00:10:53.690
Ry Jones: At what time.

125
00:10:54.540 --> 00:10:58.610
Ry Jones: So that was why I wanted to move project ports over.

126
00:10:59.320 --> 00:11:04.409
Ry Jones: and the the Tsc. Sorry, the Toc

127
00:11:04.460 --> 00:11:10.210
Ry Jones: being agendas are something else that we, some of them, are are lost to time.

128
00:11:11.340 --> 00:11:14.140
Ry Jones: So I for those items.

129
00:11:15.100 --> 00:11:16.589
Ry Jones: I I want those there

130
00:11:16.750 --> 00:11:20.010
Ry Jones: is Hyper Ledger moving away from confluence.

131
00:11:20.810 --> 00:11:21.600
Ry Jones: No.

132
00:11:23.630 --> 00:11:27.120
Tracy Kuhrt: and why? I will add to your point about

133
00:11:27.360 --> 00:11:33.590
Tracy Kuhrt: things being modified after the fact. So last year we had some meeting minutes where

134
00:11:33.660 --> 00:11:38.769
Tracy Kuhrt: people were going through and trying to clear up their backlog of tasks that they had to

135
00:11:39.940 --> 00:11:42.730
Tracy Kuhrt: to review right for the project report. But

136
00:11:42.760 --> 00:11:45.060
Tracy Kuhrt: in a lot of

137
00:11:45.770 --> 00:11:53.220
Tracy Kuhrt: in more than one case I did see that people checked themselves as having attended a Toc meeting; that they did that at 10,

138
00:11:53.550 --> 00:11:55.170
because we didn't.

139
00:11:55.520 --> 00:12:02.059
Tracy Kuhrt: We didn't remove that as a task item for them. So you know, I think there is a

140
00:12:02.100 --> 00:12:03.430
Tracy Kuhrt: there is some

141
00:12:03.600 --> 00:12:07.049
Tracy Kuhrt: information that is in the Wiki that is not actually correct.

142
00:12:07.350 --> 00:12:13.170
Tracy Kuhrt: based on the the Toc meeting so very similar to what you see with the project reports potentially being

143
00:12:13.330 --> 00:12:20.710
Tracy Kuhrt: modified or checked off. I I don't know how many times I've had somebody like unchecked. The fact that I've reviewed a a project report. But

144
00:12:20.810 --> 00:12:26.650
Tracy Kuhrt: you know there there's a similar sort of issue that exists with the Tlc meetings today.

145
00:12:27.920 --> 00:12:28.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Jim.

146
00:12:33.280 --> 00:12:46.949
Jim Zhang: Sorry, Can you find that unmute button? I think it just takes some getting used to us? There was at least 2 incidents in the past year where I needed to update the agenda, so I would have to

147
00:12:47.170 --> 00:12:48.949
Jim Zhang: in the new process.

148
00:12:49.190 --> 00:12:55.150
Jim Zhang: make a poor request to the agenda for that to be merged

149
00:12:55.660 --> 00:12:57.500
Jim Zhang: and ready for the meeting.

150
00:12:57.730 --> 00:13:06.450
Jim Zhang: Just for you. It's a bit funky, but I I I can see the benefit of doing this versus Wiki

151
00:13:06.560 --> 00:13:22.819
Jim Zhang: for like archiving and and tracking purposes. So I i'm willing to give it a try. But I think you know it's in terms of the convenience. I I think there's definitely a loss of that. But at least for myself, I'm: i'm willing to give this a 5

152
00:13:25.140 --> 00:13:27.409
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah question. And another

153
00:13:27.450 --> 00:13:29.280
concerning that.

154
00:13:29.790 --> 00:13:33.620
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, is is worthwhile to have brought up. So

155
00:13:33.660 --> 00:13:35.680
Tracy Kuhrt: think about whether or not you

156
00:13:35.710 --> 00:13:39.720
Tracy Kuhrt: Hmm. Add it to the agenda in the past, and whether or not that

157
00:13:39.970 --> 00:13:58.130
Tracy Kuhrt: seems like it's a potential concern for you other people, obviously besides zoom. So, Marcus: yeah. So it's just a for a quick follow up. I I assume the Tm. Toc members will be made at least the writer access, so we can

158
00:13:58.390 --> 00:14:00.649
Jim Zhang: make a pull request directly

159
00:14:00.960 --> 00:14:06.389
Jim Zhang: on on this repository rather than having to fork to our own.

160
00:14:12.840 --> 00:14:16.140
Ry Jones: I I think that's undecided

161
00:14:16.660 --> 00:14:17.490
Ry Jones: right.

162
00:14:17.520 --> 00:14:19.339
Ry Jones: My guess is yes.

163
00:14:19.860 --> 00:14:20.710
Ry Jones: I I

164
00:14:21.030 --> 00:14:24.650
Ry Jones: How is it today? I I can't tell you I'll stop my head. What? How it's set up.

165
00:14:26.050 --> 00:14:28.640
Ry Jones: How could it be Exactly as you said

166
00:14:29.270 --> 00:14:32.600
Ry Jones: I, I would just need to change the permissions to make it that way, and

167
00:14:32.730 --> 00:14:37.159
Ry Jones: basically do the auto branch create thing when you want to pick an edit.

168
00:14:39.070 --> 00:14:41.940
Jim Zhang: Great cool. Thanks, Ryan. That's it for me.

169
00:14:42.950 --> 00:14:50.049
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you. I think the other thing we might consider is whether or not a drop Pr. Would allow you to edit it directly

170
00:14:52.040 --> 00:14:55.250
Tracy Kuhrt: to edit the files that were were added.

171
00:14:56.380 --> 00:15:04.250
Tracy Kuhrt: or alternatively, just to make the use the suggestion, option, right to suggest, adding or or modifying

172
00:15:04.480 --> 00:15:06.580
Tracy Kuhrt: A, and then having the person.

173
00:15:06.690 --> 00:15:10.090
Tracy Kuhrt: the chair. Who created it right, except that suggestion.

174
00:15:13.650 --> 00:15:14.530
Tracy Kuhrt: Marcus.

175
00:15:15.610 --> 00:15:26.880
Marcus Brandenburger: Yes, thanks. So I absolutely see the benefits of of maintaining the history of those documents a little bit better. Maybe we should consider putting this later on a blockchain instead of Github.

176
00:15:27.200 --> 00:15:40.679
Marcus Brandenburger: Not just joking. Have you also considered to use the Github Riki, which I guess, is a little bit easier to maintain when multiple people would like to add things quickly.

177
00:15:40.690 --> 00:15:49.249
Marcus Brandenburger: But I also, because I can also see the additional overhead of I mean adding addition to this pending pr.

178
00:15:49.660 --> 00:15:55.340
Marcus Brandenburger: depending on on the personal preferences. How to use Kit, I guess.

179
00:15:55.440 --> 00:15:56.790
Marcus Brandenburger: and

180
00:15:56.990 --> 00:15:58.900
Marcus Brandenburger: and that could be complicated.

181
00:15:59.160 --> 00:16:03.330
Marcus Brandenburger: The my experience with the

182
00:16:03.730 --> 00:16:04.609
Marcus Brandenburger: All right.

183
00:16:05.670 --> 00:16:07.840
Marcus Brandenburger: the proposals, or the

184
00:16:08.370 --> 00:16:16.259
Marcus Brandenburger: what you just mentioned, Tracy, When you suggest a change. If, then the Pr. Create, you accept

185
00:16:16.430 --> 00:16:21.069
Marcus Brandenburger: those some times this results in an awkward

186
00:16:21.800 --> 00:16:26.029
Marcus Brandenburger: merge issues. This is my experience.

187
00:16:26.740 --> 00:16:30.570
Marcus Brandenburger: So did you try the get a Wiki for some other

188
00:16:31.210 --> 00:16:32.790
Marcus Brandenburger: things like that? That.

189
00:16:33.820 --> 00:16:39.609
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, some more, because I've used. I'm using a github with you right now with another project.

190
00:16:39.650 --> 00:16:44.079
Tracy Kuhrt: I think the reason so. So there were those were 2,

191
00:16:44.170 --> 00:17:02.939
Tracy Kuhrt: I mean. I can take it back. That was one of the 2 options that I considered. One of the 3 options I guess I considered was the wiki that the concern I have with the Wiki, and I don't know if it's the case, but I don't think we can show the wiki on a Tsc. That hyper ledger, that one

192
00:17:03.860 --> 00:17:05.200
Tracy Kuhrt: alright.

193
00:17:05.470 --> 00:17:15.620
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, that that was, I think, my concern there. Then the second one, also the same concern that I can considered, and throughout was just creating an issue

194
00:17:15.980 --> 00:17:24.180
Tracy Kuhrt: that we could track the meeting agenda on again. We can't display the issue on Tlc. That hyper ledger.org, which is why I went to this

195
00:17:24.260 --> 00:17:26.569
Tracy Kuhrt: a process of Pr.

196
00:17:26.829 --> 00:17:30.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Which yeah is a is a bit more challenging, but

197
00:17:31.040 --> 00:17:33.579
Tracy Kuhrt: would allow us to to display those

198
00:17:33.990 --> 00:17:36.829
Tracy Kuhrt: on a Tlc. That we led to that one.

199
00:17:40.210 --> 00:17:41.179
Marcus Brandenburger: Okay, I see.

200
00:17:44.480 --> 00:17:49.250
Marcus Brandenburger: But so so your personal preference would be, I mean, going this

201
00:17:50.230 --> 00:17:51.810
Pr. Route

202
00:17:52.570 --> 00:17:57.480
Marcus Brandenburger: in in terms of I mean, if you think about the the additional get overhead you need to do.

203
00:17:57.650 --> 00:18:00.310
Marcus Brandenburger: I mean for the Vicki, you can do everything in the border

204
00:18:01.190 --> 00:18:04.480
Marcus Brandenburger: for creating a Pr. You have to do something in the terminal

205
00:18:04.750 --> 00:18:07.070
Marcus Brandenburger: depending on personal preferences of kit.

206
00:18:08.990 --> 00:18:11.829
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah. So for for me, I guess I don't.

207
00:18:11.900 --> 00:18:13.649
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't necessarily

208
00:18:14.600 --> 00:18:25.839
Tracy Kuhrt: care whether or not we move over to the Pr. Or we stick with confidence. But it was. Are we trying to to move everything over. So therefore let's make this a

209
00:18:25.890 --> 00:18:36.460
Tracy Kuhrt: suggestion that question, and see what people think right. Like. If you guys decide this is the worst idea in the world, Tracy. I'm perfectly happy to say great. Let's close it and move on

210
00:18:36.520 --> 00:18:42.399
Tracy Kuhrt: right. I I really i'm really not tied to. Whether or not we have to do this or not.

211
00:18:42.740 --> 00:18:47.219
Tracy Kuhrt: I'm, you know, presenting it as there are reasons to do it.

212
00:18:48.360 --> 00:18:51.010
Tracy Kuhrt: I'm i'm not tied to one way or the other.

213
00:18:53.280 --> 00:18:59.679
Aleksandr Petrosyan: if I may. I just like to comment about the get over. Really, this is nothing.

214
00:19:00.610 --> 00:19:15.239
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Github offers quite a few facilities for doing things in line, so to speak, and there's a little bit of automation in the web. Ui! That can be done. If not, it can be self hosted at least partially when it's script that removes the overhead entirely.

215
00:19:15.660 --> 00:19:17.460
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The issue is that people

216
00:19:17.730 --> 00:19:25.600
Aleksandr Petrosyan: large amounts of people, and Hyper Ledger has a lot of contributors, is with a lot we want people spending extra time doing this.

217
00:19:25.710 --> 00:19:39.729
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'd also raise that confluence as a very different syntax, meaning that if we have the technical proposals in how can be, and it is in mark that I'm. Transforming it into a format in which we could also host it on the hypervisor Wiki

218
00:19:39.820 --> 00:19:42.389
Aleksandr Petrosyan: is comparable to writing the thing from the ground.

219
00:19:43.940 --> 00:19:49.979
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So the fact that the poor request allows us to use the lockdown syntax might actually save people time

220
00:19:50.400 --> 00:19:55.050
Aleksandr Petrosyan: not counting that we can also remove the get overhead by custom solution.

221
00:19:56.120 --> 00:19:58.300
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So in any respect

222
00:19:58.680 --> 00:20:01.729
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's it's reasonable.

223
00:20:03.660 --> 00:20:07.290
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think, that the cool request workflow has more advantages

224
00:20:08.150 --> 00:20:09.430
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in terms of

225
00:20:10.360 --> 00:20:12.580
Aleksandr Petrosyan: develop a convenience. Let's just say

226
00:20:14.860 --> 00:20:15.900
Aleksandr Petrosyan: just a comment.

227
00:20:16.790 --> 00:20:17.580
Alright Thank you.

228
00:20:18.000 --> 00:20:18.989
Tracy Kuhrt: I appreciate that

229
00:20:20.120 --> 00:20:22.610
Tracy Kuhrt: any other thoughts or comments on this.

230
00:20:31.210 --> 00:20:33.379
Tracy Kuhrt: Do we think we want to vote on this.

231
00:20:34.550 --> 00:20:37.680
Tracy Kuhrt: and if we do, is there somebody who would like to make a motion?

232
00:20:44.730 --> 00:20:47.010
Jim Zhang: I can motion to pass this.

233
00:20:48.180 --> 00:20:50.659
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright thanks, Jim. Do we have a second

234
00:20:52.150 --> 00:20:53.209
Marcus Brandenburger: 1 s?

235
00:20:54.790 --> 00:20:58.930
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. I I know, Marcus. I think you were on when you were the other one a second.

236
00:20:58.990 --> 00:21:00.349
Thank you for that.

237
00:21:01.220 --> 00:21:10.389
Tracy Kuhrt: All Righty, let's do a let's do a voice vote, because i'm not sure that everybody is behind this. And so I want to make sure we we know where we stand.

238
00:21:13.610 --> 00:21:17.829
Ry Jones: Give me a roll call, vote, vote.

239
00:21:17.870 --> 00:21:19.320
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you.

240
00:21:19.720 --> 00:21:25.140
Ry Jones: Okay on the matter before the Toc. Or run.

241
00:21:26.190 --> 00:21:26.950
Yes.

242
00:21:27.470 --> 00:21:28.480
Ry Jones: Bobby.

243
00:21:29.000 --> 00:21:30.130
Bobbi Muscara: No.

244
00:21:30.420 --> 00:21:31.350
Ry Jones: David.

245
00:21:31.560 --> 00:21:32.470
David Enyeart: Yes.

246
00:21:32.840 --> 00:21:33.800
Ry Jones: Jim.

247
00:21:33.950 --> 00:21:35.920
Jim Zhang: Yes, Marcus.

248
00:21:36.200 --> 00:21:37.730
Marcus Brandenburger: Yes, Peter.

249
00:21:40.390 --> 00:21:41.710
Tracy Kuhrt: I guess.

250
00:21:42.050 --> 00:21:42.900
Ry Jones: Team of

251
00:21:43.720 --> 00:21:44.520
Timo Glastra: Yes.

252
00:21:44.670 --> 00:21:45.520
Ry Jones: Tracy.

253
00:21:46.260 --> 00:21:47.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes.

254
00:21:47.170 --> 00:21:48.280
Rama.

255
00:21:48.720 --> 00:21:49.490
Ramakrishna V: Yes.

256
00:21:50.110 --> 00:21:52.970
Ry Jones: okay. The eyes have it

257
00:21:54.540 --> 00:21:55.220
Tracy Kuhrt: alright.

258
00:21:55.290 --> 00:21:56.020
Great.

259
00:21:58.110 --> 00:22:01.480
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So let's move on to the tax.

260
00:22:01.520 --> 00:22:02.340
Tracy Kuhrt: of course.

261
00:22:03.530 --> 00:22:09.189
Tracy Kuhrt: issues that we've created. Let's see if we've got some updates behind me.

262
00:22:09.780 --> 00:22:19.399
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think we'll just go through these one by one and see if we've got any support for these. Looks like with the supported projects we have

263
00:22:19.670 --> 00:22:24.570
Tracy Kuhrt: myself who is signed up so that's probably not one we're gonna prioritize

264
00:22:24.980 --> 00:22:28.229
Tracy Kuhrt: for the badging life cycle.

265
00:22:30.310 --> 00:22:34.109
Tracy Kuhrt: We have Rama and Bobby, who've signed up for that one

266
00:22:39.070 --> 00:22:43.379
Tracy Kuhrt: for the next one. Here the security artifact

267
00:22:43.680 --> 00:22:44.930
Tracy Kuhrt: task force.

268
00:22:45.520 --> 00:22:46.959
Tracy Kuhrt: We have

269
00:22:47.120 --> 00:22:49.290
Tracy Kuhrt: Marcus Arnold and Hart.

270
00:22:49.410 --> 00:22:50.459
Tracy Kuhrt: I have signed up

271
00:22:50.950 --> 00:22:55.490
Tracy Kuhrt: security vulnerability we have

272
00:22:56.800 --> 00:22:59.630
Tracy Kuhrt: for the onboarding.

273
00:23:00.290 --> 00:23:04.840
Tracy Kuhrt: We have Bobby, you sign up to be a leader and myself and Bobby as

274
00:23:04.930 --> 00:23:06.180
Tracy Kuhrt: participates

275
00:23:07.230 --> 00:23:15.750
Tracy Kuhrt: for the documentation. Bobby has also signed up to be a leader, and we have Rama and myself as participants, plus obviously Bobby.

276
00:23:16.080 --> 00:23:20.309
Tracy Kuhrt: the project best practices, Roma and myself.

277
00:23:21.000 --> 00:23:22.479
Tracy Kuhrt: And then

278
00:23:23.300 --> 00:23:26.349
Tracy Kuhrt: for the last one here the best practices.

279
00:23:26.810 --> 00:23:31.170
Tracy Kuhrt: Tomorrow you snap right in there, I mean Marcus

280
00:23:31.200 --> 00:23:33.410
Tracy Kuhrt: and Dave and Kimo.

281
00:23:33.450 --> 00:23:37.279
Tracy Kuhrt: So just looking at that. Yeah, Roma, you have a question.

282
00:23:37.740 --> 00:23:49.589
Ramakrishna V: No, just a comment. I believe Peter is on vacation this week, so he may sign up for some of these many returns. I know I did discuss with them about documentation, so he might be interested in joining that one.

283
00:23:50.230 --> 00:23:57.379
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, Great. Thank you for that. And I know Steven also mentioned in his chat to the Hyper Ledger

284
00:23:57.830 --> 00:24:07.080
Tracy Kuhrt: for this meeting that he was going to update the documentation and the pipeline ones for that.

285
00:24:07.110 --> 00:24:08.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Now.

286
00:24:10.730 --> 00:24:13.399
Tracy Kuhrt: did we have everybody on the call.

287
00:24:13.960 --> 00:24:19.800
Tracy Kuhrt: every T. Oc. Number on the call, sign up for task forces, or do we have to add

288
00:24:19.880 --> 00:24:24.180
Tracy Kuhrt: anybody to any of these task forces to to make sure that we've got a complete list.

289
00:24:25.010 --> 00:24:28.060
Jim Zhang: Hey, Tracy? I just added myself to 2 of them.

290
00:24:28.670 --> 00:24:30.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay? Which to Jim?

291
00:24:30.570 --> 00:24:35.440
Jim Zhang: That was security artifacts, signing and best practices for projects.

292
00:24:35.830 --> 00:24:40.840
David Enyeart: Okay, great. Thank you.

293
00:24:41.400 --> 00:24:43.289
David Enyeart: Okay, Great.

294
00:24:43.880 --> 00:24:51.140
Arun S M: To add myself, I'll be adding after this call, that is, i'll. I think, heart also mentioned on the chart that

295
00:24:51.430 --> 00:24:53.950
Arun S M: it can be anybody outside the Tuesday as well.

296
00:24:55.690 --> 00:25:07.509
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, for sure, for sure anybody outside the Tsc. Can can sign up, or are there specific ones that you're thinking about adding your name to, so that we can get kind of an accurate count. So

297
00:25:07.710 --> 00:25:09.019
Tracy Kuhrt: where people are at?

298
00:25:09.500 --> 00:25:15.820
Arun S M: Yes, so i'll be signing up for security, both the task forces and on the ongoing content.

299
00:25:15.980 --> 00:25:17.600
Arun S M: These 3 are

300
00:25:18.180 --> 00:25:18.850
at least.

301
00:25:18.970 --> 00:25:21.720
Arun S M: But i'll I will go through, and I to

302
00:25:23.220 --> 00:25:32.240
Tracy Kuhrt: That's fine. That's right. Thank you. Okay. Anybody else who hasn't had a chance or not in after I went through those.

303
00:25:39.510 --> 00:25:48.270
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. So based on that, I think where we're at is for sure, the onboarding content and the documentation

304
00:25:48.390 --> 00:25:50.189
Tracy Kuhrt: and the security

305
00:25:50.600 --> 00:25:51.740
Tracy Kuhrt: task force

306
00:25:51.780 --> 00:25:57.760
Tracy Kuhrt: seems to be, and I think it was the vulnerability disclosure one heart that you said you want it to prioritize.

307
00:25:59.990 --> 00:26:06.949
Hart Montgomery: Yes, Tracy, that was my opinion, since I've sort of done some background on that one with the open Ssf.

308
00:26:07.370 --> 00:26:14.279
Hart Montgomery: But if you know if there's massive momentum towards another one, you know we we could start with that one, too.

309
00:26:14.800 --> 00:26:15.640
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay?

310
00:26:16.790 --> 00:26:18.560
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, and then I think

311
00:26:18.590 --> 00:26:21.750
Tracy Kuhrt: the other one that might have had a lot.

312
00:26:22.110 --> 00:26:30.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, it was the project best practices. Maybe you signed up for later. Okay, that's why I didn't touch your name. I was looking at the list

313
00:26:30.680 --> 00:26:34.819
Tracy Kuhrt: instead of the leader, so great, so

314
00:26:35.240 --> 00:26:39.340
Tracy Kuhrt: I know that we have leaders for the

315
00:26:41.200 --> 00:26:44.509
Tracy Kuhrt: documentation on boarding and best practices.

316
00:26:46.840 --> 00:26:51.490
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't think we necessarily have a leader, a room, are you? Still.

317
00:26:51.570 --> 00:26:59.760
Tracy Kuhrt: I know you were the leader for the security task force previously. Is that something that you're still interested in doing or not?

318
00:27:00.550 --> 00:27:02.229
Arun S M: Yes, I

319
00:27:05.300 --> 00:27:06.480
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, great.

320
00:27:06.570 --> 00:27:12.560
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think we've got kind of the 4 out of the 8, which is kind of where we want it to end up

321
00:27:12.680 --> 00:27:20.869
Tracy Kuhrt: any objections or thoughts that I miss something as I was going through there, that we should have been focusing on besides those for

322
00:27:32.680 --> 00:27:33.370
Tracy Kuhrt: okay.

323
00:27:33.500 --> 00:27:39.909
Tracy Kuhrt: So I guess what i'd like to do, and and is to continue kind of the process that we had

324
00:27:40.170 --> 00:27:41.540
Tracy Kuhrt: last

325
00:27:42.140 --> 00:27:43.560
last year

326
00:27:44.110 --> 00:27:45.510
Tracy Kuhrt: where we spend

327
00:27:45.540 --> 00:27:48.670
Tracy Kuhrt: It's the first half an hour of the poc calls

328
00:27:48.820 --> 00:27:52.249
Tracy Kuhrt: on poc topics, assuming we have any

329
00:27:52.290 --> 00:27:54.820
Tracy Kuhrt: and the rest of the time on

330
00:27:55.180 --> 00:27:56.939
Tracy Kuhrt: the task force

331
00:27:57.960 --> 00:28:01.709
Tracy Kuhrt: discussions now, by doing that.

332
00:28:01.850 --> 00:28:08.219
Tracy Kuhrt: since we have 4, that means that we have meetings at least once a month for these task forces.

333
00:28:08.320 --> 00:28:12.959
Tracy Kuhrt: but that does not preclude us from having meetings in between the time that

334
00:28:13.270 --> 00:28:16.489
Tracy Kuhrt: the poc. It's discussed at the Poc.

335
00:28:16.510 --> 00:28:20.289
Tracy Kuhrt: Right? So if you want to have off cycle meetings.

336
00:28:20.310 --> 00:28:23.210
Tracy Kuhrt: you can have off cycle meetings.

337
00:28:23.420 --> 00:28:25.850
Tracy Kuhrt: If you're not.

338
00:28:26.330 --> 00:28:30.160
Tracy Kuhrt: then it's that probably could take you a bit longer to get through some of these tasks.

339
00:28:30.180 --> 00:28:31.170
but

340
00:28:31.210 --> 00:28:33.110
Tracy Kuhrt: I think it's really important that

341
00:28:33.660 --> 00:28:35.449
Tracy Kuhrt: it not only be a

342
00:28:35.630 --> 00:28:41.970
Tracy Kuhrt: a toc meeting that we're discussing these, but that work it's done outside of that as well.

343
00:28:42.250 --> 00:28:49.979
Tracy Kuhrt: So with that, I I think the the idea here would be to create some sort of order for going through these.

344
00:28:50.180 --> 00:28:54.929
Tracy Kuhrt: and I don't know if any of the leaders would like to volunteer to step up first.

345
00:28:56.460 --> 00:28:57.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Roma Question.

346
00:28:58.090 --> 00:29:06.480
Ramakrishna V: Yes, quick question in the past. Do you have? Have you started separate discussion for each of these so people can discuss?

347
00:29:06.840 --> 00:29:13.519
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, yes, we have, and we can do that again. We can create task force channels for each of these, so that people could have

348
00:29:13.680 --> 00:29:17.069
Tracy Kuhrt: their offline discussions there. As well as

349
00:29:17.510 --> 00:29:19.919
Tracy Kuhrt: you know any sort of meetings that they might have

350
00:29:20.960 --> 00:29:21.700
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby?

351
00:29:22.730 --> 00:29:35.899
Bobbi Muscara: Well for the documentation and the onboarding, the learning materials, working group kind of has stepped up the members to help out with that along with David, and I believe that the plan is to maybe meet

352
00:29:35.910 --> 00:29:53.870
Bobbi Muscara: where the learning materials development working group used to meet for those 2 task forces, and maybe put like on boarding on one Monday, and then the documentation on another, and then report back to the Tsc. I would say in in like 2 or 3 months

353
00:29:54.220 --> 00:29:58.089
Bobbi Muscara: for the final report on which everyone is closest. And then.

354
00:29:58.200 --> 00:30:00.940
Bobbi Muscara: after that, 2 more months report on the next one.

355
00:30:02.760 --> 00:30:05.610
Bobbi Muscara: If that makes sense, I can put that in a document

356
00:30:05.760 --> 00:30:06.610
and

357
00:30:07.500 --> 00:30:08.860
Bobbi Muscara: solidify that

358
00:30:09.020 --> 00:30:10.100
schedule.

359
00:30:10.920 --> 00:30:14.879
So yeah, Bobby, I think it's great to to meet on the off

360
00:30:15.140 --> 00:30:28.170
Tracy Kuhrt: to Oc. Meetings. I think that's perfect. I do think that it's worthwhile to bring back the discussion, so on a more frequent basis to the poc, so that any input that the poc might have can be.

361
00:30:28.190 --> 00:30:32.229
Tracy Kuhrt: And before right things are finalized, if you will

362
00:30:32.260 --> 00:30:36.309
Tracy Kuhrt: right or even help, because I I think it's important that

363
00:30:37.540 --> 00:30:40.909
Tracy Kuhrt: that the Tsc. Is is involved in these topics as well.

364
00:30:41.800 --> 00:30:54.139
Bobbi Muscara: Would you suggest? Well, I guess there's right now. 4 or 5 task force. Would you suggest that they rotate weekly? So every week one of the task force catches the Toc up on what's happening?

365
00:30:54.910 --> 00:31:01.609
Tracy Kuhrt: That's correct. So Exactly. I think there's 4, right? I think we've got

366
00:31:01.710 --> 00:31:06.449
Tracy Kuhrt: the security vulnerability disclosure. They're actually all

367
00:31:06.550 --> 00:31:12.140
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of together, the onboarding content the documentation and the project best practices.

368
00:31:12.200 --> 00:31:17.110
Tracy Kuhrt: So Number 48, 47, 46 and 45,

369
00:31:17.180 --> 00:31:18.550
Tracy Kuhrt: as they're gonna see here.

370
00:31:18.570 --> 00:31:28.350
Tracy Kuhrt: And so what I would like to do is create an order for those to come into the Poc. Right? We can start with the security vulnerability disclosure.

371
00:31:28.460 --> 00:31:33.770
Tracy Kuhrt: have discussions in the Toc as well as their offspring.

372
00:31:33.860 --> 00:31:38.439
Tracy Kuhrt: Then the next week would be maybe the onboarding content, and so on, and so forth.

373
00:31:38.570 --> 00:31:39.340
Tracy Kuhrt: Right?

374
00:31:40.510 --> 00:31:41.510
Bobbi Muscara: Sounds good.

375
00:31:43.020 --> 00:31:49.620
Tracy Kuhrt: Is there? Is there a preference for where we want to start? Or Shall we just say those are the order that we're gonna go in

376
00:31:57.610 --> 00:32:04.750
Tracy Kuhrt: no preference? Okay, let's call that the order that we're gonna go through these in and at the Tc.

377
00:32:06.530 --> 00:32:09.939
Tracy Kuhrt: So, definitely i'll create some channels

378
00:32:10.230 --> 00:32:13.029
Tracy Kuhrt: for us to discuss these items.

379
00:32:13.170 --> 00:32:19.489
Tracy Kuhrt: If you are the leader of these task forces and you are going to set up a a meeting

380
00:32:19.690 --> 00:32:21.609
off cycle.

381
00:32:22.090 --> 00:32:25.749
Tracy Kuhrt: or when you would be coming into the Toc and discussing.

382
00:32:25.950 --> 00:32:29.059
Tracy Kuhrt: I let that channel know, so that people can join

383
00:32:29.190 --> 00:32:30.419
Tracy Kuhrt: and

384
00:32:30.520 --> 00:32:33.220
Tracy Kuhrt: participate in those discussions.

385
00:32:34.180 --> 00:32:40.250
Tracy Kuhrt: Also, if you're the leader of these task forces, make sure I capture the information properly.

386
00:32:40.490 --> 00:32:41.400
Tracy Kuhrt: so that

387
00:32:41.420 --> 00:32:45.750
Tracy Kuhrt: if there's something that we're supposed to be delivering on that I didn't capture, or

388
00:32:45.800 --> 00:32:52.749
Tracy Kuhrt: you think I overstepped, and what we're supposed to be delivering on. Please fix that so that it's correct

389
00:32:58.790 --> 00:32:59.870
Tracy Kuhrt: questions.

390
00:33:01.480 --> 00:33:02.340
Tracy Kuhrt: comments.

391
00:33:12.020 --> 00:33:12.700
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

392
00:33:12.750 --> 00:33:16.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other topics that anybody would like to discuss today.

393
00:33:17.670 --> 00:33:18.700
Tracy Kuhrt: is there?

394
00:33:18.970 --> 00:33:25.750
Tracy Kuhrt: We like to jump into any of these task forces and see if there's anything that we can talk about already, or

395
00:33:25.870 --> 00:33:28.550
Tracy Kuhrt: are we at a point where we think we're good.

396
00:33:40.230 --> 00:33:40.940
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

397
00:33:41.480 --> 00:33:46.480
Bobbi Muscara: Oh, well, I know for the 2 that i'm leading. I need time to organize, so

398
00:33:46.550 --> 00:33:53.449
Bobbi Muscara: I guess where the documentation would would be first, and that's in 2 weeks, so i'll have a report into it.

399
00:33:54.310 --> 00:33:55.840
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, sounds great.

400
00:33:56.360 --> 00:33:57.420
Tracy Kuhrt: I'm. Bobby

401
00:33:57.440 --> 00:33:59.209
Tracy Kuhrt: definitely reach out to

402
00:33:59.340 --> 00:34:05.910
Tracy Kuhrt: Once I set the Channel chat channels up, reach out there, ask questions of the participants to.

403
00:34:05.960 --> 00:34:09.359
Tracy Kuhrt: I've signed up for this, and

404
00:34:09.380 --> 00:34:18.950
Tracy Kuhrt: again, as was mentioned, If there's anybody on this call, because I do see that we have some non poc numbers on the call which very much appreciate You guys joining us.

405
00:34:19.110 --> 00:34:26.009
Tracy Kuhrt: If you would like to participate in these task courses, please join us and add your thoughts and ideas

406
00:34:26.900 --> 00:34:27.580
Tracy Kuhrt: part.

407
00:34:28.639 --> 00:34:33.030
Hart Montgomery: Thanks, Tracy. So talking about the security stuff really, briefly.

408
00:34:34.070 --> 00:34:42.700
Hart Montgomery: you know, particularly for the vulnerability disclosure task force. I just wanted to mention that the open Ssf.

409
00:34:42.730 --> 00:34:50.459
Hart Montgomery: Has a bi-weekly working group focused on vulnerability. Disclosure reporting

410
00:34:50.620 --> 00:34:55.970
Hart Montgomery: and once we have the chat channels up and everything i'll post the information there.

411
00:34:56.100 --> 00:35:09.300
Hart Montgomery: and if you're interested in security stuff, I would highly recommend that you attend their meeting, which is at 8 am. Pacific on Wednesdays. So an hour after this time, but on Wednesdays.

412
00:35:09.580 --> 00:35:13.479
Hart Montgomery: you know, I think they're doing a lot of interesting stuff.

413
00:35:13.540 --> 00:35:18.810
Hart Montgomery: but it's not exactly what we need in terms of

414
00:35:19.110 --> 00:35:26.140
Hart Montgomery: coming up with a template for a policy that lets projects sort of easily determine.

415
00:35:26.220 --> 00:35:29.910
Hart Montgomery: You know, a good vulnerability disclosure policy that fits for them.

416
00:35:30.020 --> 00:35:34.659
Hart Montgomery: So I think this is also an opportunity where we can push back

417
00:35:34.950 --> 00:35:36.640
Hart Montgomery: so

418
00:35:36.830 --> 00:35:41.519
Hart Montgomery: output to the open Ssf: as well, we can say, hey, you know we did this.

419
00:35:41.590 --> 00:35:48.720
Hart Montgomery: This is what we determine sort of actually works in the wild. And and you should, you know, use this for your project as well.

420
00:35:48.830 --> 00:35:52.559
Hart Montgomery: So i'm sort of excited by the you know Cross

421
00:35:52.620 --> 00:35:55.549
Hart Montgomery: Linux Foundation synergy

422
00:35:56.050 --> 00:35:56.970
Hart Montgomery: here.

423
00:35:57.110 --> 00:36:03.060
Hart Montgomery: and if you have a chance and you're interested, I would definitely recommend attending that meeting. So thanks.

424
00:36:04.450 --> 00:36:12.199
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, thanks, Heart. And I I remember maybe it was you, Marcus, in our first meeting that we had this year, where you were talking about those cross projects.

425
00:36:12.340 --> 00:36:17.660
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of synergies, and working with other projects to see best practices and those sorts of things.

426
00:36:17.690 --> 00:36:20.409
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think it's definitely a really

427
00:36:20.590 --> 00:36:21.859
Tracy Kuhrt: interesting

428
00:36:22.210 --> 00:36:27.889
Tracy Kuhrt: topic area for us to to start to explore what that looks like as

429
00:36:27.970 --> 00:36:33.449
Tracy Kuhrt: as the Toc and as Hyper Ledger, and these other projects want to to communicate and work together

430
00:36:38.340 --> 00:36:41.380
Tracy Kuhrt: alright any other comments, questions

431
00:36:49.300 --> 00:36:54.770
Tracy Kuhrt: and heart. Did they? Did they just have the security working group

432
00:36:54.920 --> 00:37:04.259
Tracy Kuhrt: for the vulnerability disclosure this Wednesday? Or was it? Is it going to be next Wednesday, this last Wednesday and next Wednesday? So not this week?

433
00:37:05.230 --> 00:37:06.979
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so

434
00:37:08.140 --> 00:37:08.830
Tracy Kuhrt: is

435
00:37:09.480 --> 00:37:14.300
Tracy Kuhrt: Do you still think it's okay for us to start with that one next week as far as

436
00:37:16.420 --> 00:37:19.390
Tracy Kuhrt: as far as bringing it to the Poc. And having a discussion.

437
00:37:19.560 --> 00:37:26.729
Hart Montgomery: Sure I may have trouble making the meeting next week, but as long as other people are comfortable talking about it.

438
00:37:26.970 --> 00:37:28.429
Hart Montgomery: I think it's fine.

439
00:37:28.910 --> 00:37:29.689
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

440
00:37:29.840 --> 00:37:34.179
Tracy Kuhrt: gonna run. Obviously as the leader, I think that question also

441
00:37:34.360 --> 00:37:36.530
Tracy Kuhrt: ends up going towards you as well.

442
00:37:37.420 --> 00:37:41.880
Arun S M: Yes, thanks. I I'll join the next week's Wednesday's Call as well.

443
00:37:42.200 --> 00:37:42.959
Hart Montgomery: Great.

444
00:37:44.150 --> 00:37:44.850
cool.

445
00:37:46.070 --> 00:37:47.720
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. Any other

446
00:37:48.170 --> 00:37:50.859
Tracy Kuhrt: comments questions before we close out.

447
00:37:59.280 --> 00:37:59.990
Okay.

448
00:38:00.300 --> 00:38:06.859
Tracy Kuhrt: So thank you all for your participation, and we will be meeting again next week.

449
00:38:07.000 --> 00:38:08.759
Tracy Kuhrt: So have a great week.

450
00:38:09.070 --> 00:38:11.339
Tracy Kuhrt: and we will talk to you then.

451
00:38:12.470 --> 00:38:14.949
David Enyeart: Thanks a lot.

