1. [BootcampHK (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCamp - Hong Kong](BootCamp---Hong-Kong_23102870.html)
3. [Sessions](Sessions_23102905.html)

# BootcampHK (archived) : The Forest &amp; the trees!

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified on Mar 14, 2019

## Session Topic or Project

Blockchains are all related through crypto. Crypto means cryptology. Discuss the unifying cryptographic foundations of Blockchain; starting with crypto-primitives like hash functions and signature and encryption schemes. How do the DLTs in Hyperledger use these primitives, what is their cryptographic relationship to other popular Blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum.  Demonstration of these ideas through a demo of explorers on popular chains. This is intended as a beginning to intermediate session.  

## Session Leader

Vipin Bharathan.

## Time Slots and Spaces

Earlier the better, suggesting Training Room number 1 from 10 am to 12 noon. A one to 2 hour session.

## Experience Level of Participants

Beginner

## Session Language

English, Chinese if there is a volunteer

## Programming Language(s)

We will present snippets in many of these languages from Github repos.

- C / C++
- Go
- Java
- Javascript
- Python
- Rust
- Other

## Other Prerequisites

Laptop with Internet capabilities needed to follow along on demo or look at github repositories.

## The Plan

General Intro to Blockchain- Focus on Blockchain as a data structure calling out the cryptographic nature of the fields-

What makes Enterprise DLTs different and what makes them similar to other Blockchains-

Each of these will have demos, of data structures using explorers (of live or testnets as far as they are accessible), of actual code in Hyperledger DLTs

- Fabric
- Iroha
- Sawtooth
- Burrow
- Indy
- Quilt

Using the above pattern discuss the following 

1. Discuss hash functions
2. Symmetric and Asymmetric Cryptography,
3. Systems View and Vulnerabilities
4. Ursa and why reusable libraries are important
5. Demo of block structure through [unbounded](http://unbounded.hacera.com).
   

The Goals

Attendees learn to look at DLTs from a systems perspective , figuring out what unites them and why changes in underpinnings cause differences in functional behavior. Why are they the same yet different. Why do we need shared libraries, ursa. 

## Software to Install Before

Need a web browser with Internet capabilities.

## Special Equipment Required

Power, Projector and screen, Internet (WiFI or hardwired), laptop connectivity to projector. Can provide slides that drive the session.

## Slides are here

[Link to slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1x4wsImqDLFm61u43hbwifs-qE-1PNQMsnkZ883X_xss/edit#slide=id.p)

## References

### Notes for in a box.

According to introductions we had a diverse group of participants from multiple sectors.

Investors, provenance tracking CEOs , data scientists, ethereum developers, students etc.

What worked: A through line linking all blockchains to basic concepts of cryptography.

What needs to be changed: Have the introductions be pointed and limit to 1 minute.  

The use of unbounded.hacera.com seems to have worked.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
