1. [BootcampHK (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCamp - Hong Kong](BootCamp---Hong-Kong_23102870.html)
3. [Sessions](Sessions_23102905.html)

# BootcampHK (archived) : Getting started with Hyperledger Caliper

Created by Huruifeng(Victor), last modified on Mar 04, 2019

## Session Topic or Project

With this session, attendees will first get hands on installation of Caliper and run it against a Fabric network. 

After that, people will learn how to contribute to Caliper. 

There will be tasks with different difficulty levels for developers to have a try.

## Session Leader

Jiangfeihu, Panyu

## Time Slots and Spaces

2 days, Table 3

## Experience Level of Participants

intermediate

## Session Language

Chinese, English

## Programming Language(s)

- C / C++
- Go
- Java
- Javascript
- Python
- Rust
- Other (Node.js)

## Other Prerequisites

- Attendees must have laptops with Ubuntu 16.04 and desktop environment installed.
- Attendees must have Node.js 8. * version installed and working.
- Attendees must have node-gyp and node-pre-gyp installed.
- Attendees must have docker 19.03.0-ce or above and docker-compose 1.21.0 or above installed.

## The Plan

 

Table 3

Mar   7

10:00-11:00

Tutorial

Mar   7

11:00-12:00

Discuss   open issues

Mar   7

13:00-17:00

Hacking   Hours

Mar   8

10:00-11:00

Tutorial

Mar   8

11:00-15:00

Hacking   Hours

Mar   8

15:00-16:00

Review   &amp; Feedback

## The Goals

- Get Caliper installed in attendees' computers and complete one test based on fabric network.
- Attendees will learn how to contribute to Caliper.
- Attendees will complete one or more tasks and contribute them to Caliper.

## Software to Install Before

See Prerequisits

## Special Equipment Required

Power supply, power strips, stable internet connections, screen or projector, whiteboard

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
