1. [BootcampHK (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCamp - Hong Kong](BootCamp---Hong-Kong_23102870.html)
3. [Sessions](Sessions_23102905.html)

# BootcampHK (archived) : Hyperledger Ursa Architecture

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Mar 07, 2019

## Session Topic or Project

This session will cover the overall architecture of the Hyperledger Ursa cryptography library as well as highlight areas of the project where we are looking for volunteers to take ownership. We will also go over our community meeting schedule, chat room, and mailing lists to help new people become active members of the Ursa community.

[Slides from presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/198sdbda93gWAN1oFjX2XPSPwIlqBDWWljkdQfa6H5_Y/edit?usp=sharing)

## Session Leader

- Mike Lodder

## Time Slots and Spaces

- March 7th, 13:00-14:00, Training Room 1
- March 7th, 14:00-15:00, Training Room 1, 中文

## Experience Level of Participants

Beginner

## Session Language

English, 中文

## Programming Language(s)

- C / C++
- Go
- Java
- Javascript
- Python
- Rust
- Other

## Other Prerequisites

- Attendees must be familiar with Rust and Cargo. Attend the [Introduction to Rust and Cargo](Introduction-to-Rust-and-Cargo_23103052.html) session if needed.
- Attendees must have an LFID. Attend the [Introduction to Hyperledger Community](Introduction-to-Hyperledger-Community_23103069.html) session if needed.
- Familiarity with cryptography will help a lot but is not required.

## The Plan

## The Goals

## Software to Install Before

- Rust toolchain.
- Cargo build tool.

## Special Equipment Required

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
