1. [BootcampHK (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCamp - Hong Kong](BootCamp---Hong-Kong_23102870.html)
3. [Sessions](Sessions_23102905.html)

# BootcampHK (archived) : Introduction to Hyperledger Community

Created by David Huseby on Feb 12, 2019

## Session Topic or Project

This session will introduce attendees to the tools used by the Hyperledger Community for communication and collaboration. The tools covered include:

- LFID
- Hyperledger Mailing Lists
- Hyperledger JIRA
- Github Hyperledger
- Hyperledger RocketChat
- Hyperledger Wiki
- Hyperledger Zoom
- Hyperledger Community Calendar

## Session Leader

David Huseby

## Time Slots and Spaces

- March 7th, 10-11 AM, Training Room 3
- March 8th, 11-12 AM, Training Room 3

## Experience Level of Participants

Beginner

## Session Language

English

## Programming Language(s)

- C / C++
- Go
- Java
- Javascript
- Python
- Rust
- Other

## Other Prerequisites

- A laptop with a web browser.

## The Plan

1. Walk through setting up an LFID needed to access all other tools.
2. Log in and subscribe to a mailing list.
3. Log in and submit a new JIRA ticket.
4. Visit Hyperledger Github code and clone a repo.
5. Log in to Hyperledger Rocket.Chat.
6. Log in to Hyperledger wiki and edit a page.
7. Install Zoom client and go over community zoom accounts.
   
   1. Cover how to join a Zoom meeting.
8. Show how to view and subscribe to the Hyperledger community calendar.

## The Goals

- Attendees will have an LFID if they don't have one already.
- Attendees will subscribe to a mailing list.
- Attendees will get into Rocket.Chat and join some chat rooms.
- Attendees will learn how to edit and maintain the wiki.
- Attendees will learn how to use Zoom to attend meetings.
- Attendees will learn how to add community calendar events to their calendars.

## Software to Install Before

A web browser.

## Special Equipment Required

Internet access.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
