1. [BootcampHK (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCamp - Hong Kong](BootCamp---Hong-Kong_23102870.html)
3. [Sessions](Sessions_23102905.html)
4. [The Forest &amp; the trees!](23103060.html)

# BootcampHK (archived) : Recap- HK Bootcamp VB

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified on Mar 21, 2019

## General comments:

Although I was not able to attend the various sessions due to external commitments; I ran a session that talked about the unity of all Blockchains, especially in Hyperledger. This session was well attended and well received. I also spoke to many of the participants individually.

## What went well:

The un-conference format which made for an exciting mix of planned sessions and  ad-hoc sessions

Indy, Iroha and Ursa seems to have gone very well. Also due to advanced notice, some of the participants seem to have arrived well prepared.

## What could be improved:

Create easy to deploy dlt packages and utilities that take care of all dependencies; including everything on a stick (maybe).

This is not a problem with this bootcamp, but due to the general lack of readiness by dlts and tools.

The bootstrapping of the components on individual PCs should not take up a lot of time. Mitigation proposed by Amol Kulkarni; "Sophocle" a blockchain development group in Delhi has a component called twist that they plan to donate to the community. Twist will enable rapid spinning up of Fabric and Sawtooth nodes on Azure cloud. Integrating this component into a bootcamp or hackfest will allow people to become productive fast. Along with free or otherwise Azure credits. I know of other companies that have developed similar frameworks.

## What was missing:

No details on Working Groups and SIGs and their importance to the ecosystem. Although I have to confess that I did not attend the community session. Anyone who was there could comment further.

## How can we leverage material:

Bootcamp in a box is a great idea. 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
