1. [Media and Entertainment SIG](index.html)
2. [Media and Entertainment SIG](Media-and-Entertainment-SIG_21430277.html)
3. [MESIG - Media and Entertainment](MESIG---Media-and-Entertainment_21446135.html)
4. [Upcoming Meeting w Agenda -MESIG](Upcoming-Meeting-w-Agenda--MESIG_21446625.html)
5. [Meeting History -MESIG](Meeting-History--MESIG_21446695.html)

# Media and Entertainment SIG : 2021-02-09 MESIG Call

Created by David Boswell, last modified by Tomaz Sedej on Mar 14, 2024

**Recording:**

**Time:**

- Tuesday, February 9, 2021 at 9AM Pacific. The group calendar now has a meeting every other Tuesday; calls alternate between 9AM PST and \[two weeks later] 7PM PST.
- [Add Media and Entertainment SIG calls to your calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/media-entertainment-sig/ics/9762132/457217224/feed.ics)

**Dial-In Information:**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09)
- From phone:  +1(855)880-1246  (toll free US number) or view  [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 6223336701
  

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct:  [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## **Meeting Agenda, Feb. 9 2021**

- Summary of [Meetup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX8d0QB4nw0)
- Proposal re: minutes (see below)
- Update re: alternating West Coast/Asia and East Coast/Europe meeting times
- Introduction and discussion of [project proposal](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=41591166)
- HL blog post and welcome video to complete official group creation
- Application to create a [Hyperledger Lab](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/labs/Hyperledger+Labs+Home) and HL GitHub account
- Application to [mentor](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Project+Proposal) an individual within the proposed project
- Open discussion beginning with question from Philippe Rixhon on the portability of any ME-SIG project away from Hyperledger.

## **Minutes**

- Proposal to consider [archived chat](https://www.dropbox.com/s/voyxp0ov65t1egj/meeting_saved_chat.txt?dl=0) from Zoom as minutes going forward

## **Rec. of Meetup**

- Streaming recording archived [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX8d0QB4nw0) (1:30)

## **![](attachments/21446180/21457762.png?height=250)**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/21446180/21457762.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21446180/21457770.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 27, 2024 07:36

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
