1. [Media and Entertainment SIG](index.html)
2. [Media and Entertainment SIG](Media-and-Entertainment-SIG_21430277.html)
3. [MESIG - Media and Entertainment](MESIG---Media-and-Entertainment_21446135.html)
4. [Upcoming Meeting w Agenda -MESIG](Upcoming-Meeting-w-Agenda--MESIG_21446625.html)
5. [Meeting History -MESIG](Meeting-History--MESIG_21446695.html)

# Media and Entertainment SIG : 2021-05-04 MESIG Call

Created by David MacFadyen, last modified by Tomaz Sedej on Mar 14, 2024

**Recording:** 

===

**When:Tuesday, May 4th, 2021**  
9:00am to 10:00am  
(UTC-07:00) Pacific Time - Los Angeles (PDT)

Where:[https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09)Description:The Media and Entertainment SIG calls are open to everyone.  These calls are scheduled at a time that generally works well for Europe and the Americas.  The group also runs meetings at a time that generally works well for Asia and you are welcome to attend those if that works better for your schedule.

To find out more about the group and find meeting agendas, notes and recordings, visit:

[https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/MESIG/Meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/MESIG/Meetings)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct:  [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## **Meeting Agenda, May 4 2021**

**Discussion of [Project Proposal](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=41591166) and Inclusion of Recent Talking Points / Questions**

**Namely:** 

- Kyle on GPS options for the SIG and [Kernel](https://blog.kernel.community/post/launching-kb3/):

*My Block III tuition fee is a DAI amount to be sent to this grant wallet: [https://gitcoin.co/grants/855/kernel-block-iii-panvala-league](https://urlsand.esvalabs.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fgitcoin.co%2Fgrants%2F855%2Fkernel-block-iii-panvala-league&e=e5844e71&h=b90ef3ab&f=y&p=y "gitcoin.co"). My KERNEL ID, for those interested in following my Block III journey: [https://gitcoin.co/bestape](https://urlsand.esvalabs.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fgitcoin.co%2Fbestape&e=e5844e71&h=5b69ceec&f=y&p=y "gitcoin.co"). The 'tools-for-thought' module KERNEL used to conduct our group interview: [https://kernel.community/module-3/remember/](https://urlsand.esvalabs.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fkernel.community%2Fmodule-3%2Fremember%2F&e=e5844e71&h=4cea347c&f=y&p=y "kernel.community"). One of the other interviewees was [http://p1anck.com/](https://urlsand.esvalabs.com/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fp1anck.com%2F&e=e5844e71&h=cdd6a4ba&f=y&p=y "p1anck.com"). Some interesting research by P1anck at: [https://youtu.be/6PO3MTV0ZeA](https://urlsand.esvalabs.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fyoutu.be%2F6PO3MTV0ZeA&e=e5844e71&h=cbb3e50e&f=y&p=y "youtu.be")"*

- Vipin and GS1 location info:

*We can look at bootstrapping [GS1 including location information](https://www.gs1.org/standards/id-keys/gln "https://www.gs1.org/standards/id-keys/gln") and the standards around the use of IOTs in Trade Finance as well as SupplyChain tracking.*

- Brendan and related location services:

*My favorite public, decentralized, location services company: [https://foam.space/](https://foam.space/). My favorite geo-fenced content aggregation platform - backed by fantastic patent portfolio: [https://www.picpocket.com/](https://www.picpocket.com/). I am a former advisor to PicPocket.  Fascinating possibilities using drone patents and live-event photo aggregation and experience driven content curation. The Proof of Attendance Protocol is a badging-specific NFT implementation.  Many possibilities. [https://www.poap.xyz/index.html](https://www.poap.xyz/index.html)*

- Muhammad and NFT options with Fabric Samples:

*Regarding NFTs, the Fabric samples repository ships with an ERC721 token chaincode. This can be modified to meet specific needs. [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples) or [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/main/token-erc-721/chaincode-javascript/lib/tokenERC721.js](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/main/token-erc-721/chaincode-javascript/lib/tokenERC721.js)* 

- Further discussion of matters from the last meeting, such as:
  
  - what functionalities will be provided in terms of token creation and trade?
  - where will the asset be stored?
  - will the platform support fiat or crypto transactions or both?
  - frontend requirements?
  - any interoperability requirements

## **![](attachments/21446484/21457860.png?height=250)**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/21446484/21457860.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21446484/21457858.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21446484/21457859.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 27, 2024 07:36

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
