WEBVTT

1
00:02:46.500 --> 00:02:47.550
Ry Jones: Good morning Tracy.

2
00:02:53.100 --> 00:02:53.610
Tracy Kuhrt: How are you.

3
00:02:54.210 --> 00:02:55.530
Ry Jones: i'm doing well, how are you doing.

4
00:02:56.640 --> 00:02:57.660
Tracy Kuhrt: Doing okay.

5
00:02:59.970 --> 00:03:02.340
Tracy Kuhrt: wondering how many people will end up getting today.

6
00:03:03.630 --> 00:03:04.620
Ry Jones: that's a good question.

7
00:03:07.320 --> 00:03:07.530
Ry Jones: I.

8
00:03:08.400 --> 00:03:15.900
Tracy Kuhrt: was wondering whether we should have canceled this one, two or not, since people are seem to still be out this week we'll find out.

9
00:03:16.770 --> 00:03:21.510
Ry Jones: Well we've already not had two meetings.

10
00:03:22.440 --> 00:03:22.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Yet.

11
00:03:23.130 --> 00:03:27.570
Ry Jones: So i'd really rather not so i'm going to pause recording.

12
00:03:32.370 --> 00:03:37.590
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, Happy New Year everyone, welcome to our first meeting of 2022.

13
00:03:39.240 --> 00:03:41.220
Tracy Kuhrt: This year is a good year for assault.

14
00:03:42.810 --> 00:03:44.670
Tracy Kuhrt: As you all know.

15
00:03:45.750 --> 00:04:02.370
Tracy Kuhrt: To be part of this meeting, you have to abide by the antitrust policy notice, which is being displayed on the screen, as well as the code of conduct, and neither of these things are new to anybody on this call, as you've all been on this call before so with that.

16
00:04:03.630 --> 00:04:17.190
Tracy Kuhrt: We have the standard announcement, which is def weekly newsletter that goes out tomorrow, so if there's anything that you would like to add that, please feel free dad at the wiki page add a comment or.

17
00:04:18.270 --> 00:04:24.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Just all let anybody know that you want something add it to that and we can get that information at it.

18
00:04:26.280 --> 00:04:38.370
Tracy Kuhrt: We did get to quarterly reports in this time, one for ursa and when for base to when I checked this morning we were under half review for those for both of those so.

19
00:04:39.150 --> 00:04:56.010
Tracy Kuhrt: If you haven't had an opportunity to look at those please do so, I did not see any outstanding questions from either the projects or from anybody in the TC but if there are any questions about those now would be the time to to ask those.

20
00:05:04.710 --> 00:05:08.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Right not seeing any hands I don't think there's any questions.

21
00:05:09.750 --> 00:05:21.300
Tracy Kuhrt: I will note that we do have some project reports that are overdue if you happen to speak to anybody in those projects and let them know that they're overdue.

22
00:05:21.810 --> 00:05:32.760
Tracy Kuhrt: As well as data will be reaching out and having a conversation or trying to get somebody to respond to two comments about the fact that we need those project reports.

23
00:05:35.400 --> 00:05:43.680
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, and we have three upcoming project reports to for next week one friend following that I have included there on the agenda.

24
00:05:44.820 --> 00:05:55.200
Tracy Kuhrt: So the next thing that we have is related to burrow i'm hyper ledger borough we Daniel did reach out for us and talk to Casey.

25
00:05:56.310 --> 00:06:09.900
Tracy Kuhrt: about the status of hyper ledger borough he did come back in recommend that we move that project to a dormant state I also got back an email from silas.

26
00:06:11.400 --> 00:06:14.100
Tracy Kuhrt: Just a few days ago, a couple days ago.

27
00:06:15.150 --> 00:06:18.750
Tracy Kuhrt: That he will also be providing.

28
00:06:19.770 --> 00:06:29.760
Tracy Kuhrt: An update next week when he returns from the holidays, with some additional remarks about kind of the state of the maintenance of hyper ledger bro going forward.

29
00:06:30.600 --> 00:06:44.520
Tracy Kuhrt: But I just wanted to let everybody know that we did get the recommendation for moving bro to Dominique from KC and want to put that as a decision point for us to officially move that to donate.

30
00:06:46.080 --> 00:06:47.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Any questions or comments on that.

31
00:06:52.710 --> 00:06:54.930
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So hi Tracy this all.

32
00:06:55.710 --> 00:07:03.420
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Just to clarify so silas is aware that cases existed, we move that to dormant is not opposed to it right.

33
00:07:04.530 --> 00:07:06.540
Tracy Kuhrt: that's correct you responded to the email.

34
00:07:07.830 --> 00:07:10.740
Tracy Kuhrt: That had casey's original response in it.

35
00:07:11.100 --> 00:07:13.470
Tracy Kuhrt: He didn't he didn't say like.

36
00:07:13.770 --> 00:07:23.940
Tracy Kuhrt: No, no, no don't move it, it was just a hey i'll provide some additional color insight into what we're going to do with maintenance going forward when I return next week.

37
00:07:25.080 --> 00:07:26.640
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Alright sounds good, thank you.

38
00:07:28.740 --> 00:07:30.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Other questions or comments.

39
00:07:35.640 --> 00:07:36.000
Tracy Kuhrt: room.

40
00:07:37.020 --> 00:07:42.960
Aruna S M: Three sizes saw that you reached out to a couple of project teams are we can sort to, to be specific and asking them to.

41
00:07:44.190 --> 00:07:50.790
Aruna S M: know the status, I know what sort of people responded, but did you hear back from sweater or somebody else on the fabrics.

42
00:07:51.570 --> 00:08:08.820
Tracy Kuhrt: I did not hear back anything I put the question out on fabric edm chat channel asking if this edm chain code was still support it, but I have not heard anything back does anybody on the call know if we're still supporting the edm Chico.

43
00:08:11.400 --> 00:08:19.590
Dave Enyeart: I think the plan is to retire that one or I don't know if it's the right state for repeal or sub rebel but that's the idea with that one.

44
00:08:20.130 --> 00:08:20.430
Okay.

45
00:08:23.040 --> 00:08:23.460
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

46
00:08:25.470 --> 00:08:34.320
Dave Enyeart: In fact, I asked Chris Harris, was one of the initiators of that one and one of the few maintainer of their project remaining so I asked him if he could archive that.

47
00:08:36.570 --> 00:08:37.350
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, great.

48
00:08:39.270 --> 00:08:39.810
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other.

49
00:08:39.900 --> 00:08:41.580
Tracy Kuhrt: Questions concerns.

50
00:08:41.610 --> 00:08:45.930
Tracy Kuhrt: comments about this before we take it to an official vote.

51
00:08:55.740 --> 00:08:56.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Angela.

52
00:08:58.500 --> 00:09:08.700
Angelo De Caro: yeah first of all Happy New Year and just for drivers ideally like the border i'm sorry that they go to document what I really like that project and just for the record.

53
00:09:10.140 --> 00:09:12.360
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah definitely um.

54
00:09:12.570 --> 00:09:13.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Angela.

55
00:09:13.710 --> 00:09:13.920
This.

56
00:09:15.720 --> 00:09:18.600
Tracy Kuhrt: First, real moving TV, you can, in the space so.

57
00:09:19.950 --> 00:09:28.380
Tracy Kuhrt: it's it's sad to see that wanting to give it to donate but maybe at some point in the future, somebody will pick it up or move forward with it.

58
00:09:32.040 --> 00:09:32.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Unless.

59
00:09:33.510 --> 00:09:37.350
Kamlesh Nagware: So just one thing, first of all have been up everyone so.

60
00:09:38.610 --> 00:09:52.320
Kamlesh Nagware: So when we put this project dormant state, so I think we should not, I think hypothesis should not do the marketing about like this project is now went to the administrators, because there are there are many ways of.

61
00:09:53.430 --> 00:10:04.950
Kamlesh Nagware: Marketing agency, who can use this kind of new and can maybe spend the wrong about like hyper ledger know kind of dormant and kind of the activity in the particular projects.

62
00:10:05.790 --> 00:10:15.540
Kamlesh Nagware: So what about the hyper ledger about reliability is talking about this project they're going to market about it would just it would be the Internet to the hyperion.

63
00:10:16.860 --> 00:10:19.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, I know I know when we move to document.

64
00:10:21.540 --> 00:10:22.500
Tracy Kuhrt: Or the last year.

65
00:10:23.640 --> 00:10:30.720
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, it was pretty much a silent sort of move right obviously not silence in the PC we did discuss it here but.

66
00:10:31.860 --> 00:10:33.690
Tracy Kuhrt: that that was the extent of it right.

67
00:10:35.340 --> 00:10:43.230
Tracy Kuhrt: There was no sort of announcement saying hey hyper ledger girls are hyper ledger quotes move to a different state, there will be that sort of thing like that.

68
00:10:44.520 --> 00:10:45.180
Kamlesh Nagware: Okay yeah.

69
00:10:55.230 --> 00:11:01.530
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other questions or comments or does somebody want to officially meet this emotion.

70
00:11:02.970 --> 00:11:09.180
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So i'll be happy to make emotion, but I wanted to follow up on what the cameras just said, I mean.

71
00:11:09.570 --> 00:11:17.040
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I think there's an easy Defense to anybody who tries to twist that into you know some negative news about hyper ledger.

72
00:11:17.280 --> 00:11:28.860
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): We ought to be able to say no, this is just you know we have this philosophy of having this kind of greenhouse where we have projects that are being you know brought in, we give them a chance.

73
00:11:29.130 --> 00:11:40.200
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And it's normal you know it's it's good governance for us to also recognize when some projects are not going to last any longer, and we are retiring that.

74
00:11:40.710 --> 00:11:46.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So I don't think we should I mean i'm not saying we should make a press release about it either.

75
00:11:46.590 --> 00:12:00.150
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): But I don't think we shouldn't be you know embarrassed about it or be shy about these things, we ought to be a multi take a very firm stand on the fact that this is normal part of you know, the project lifecycle.

76
00:12:05.460 --> 00:12:13.200
Daniela Barbosa: Oh, I was going to raise my hand Sorry, I agree with our nose comments and maybe it's a good opportunity in the New Year to also.

77
00:12:13.980 --> 00:12:26.010
Daniela Barbosa: bring forward the the actual governance and what the statuses and what is incubated versus active, because I think you know, everybody here on the phone knows, or I hope everybody here on the phone knows.

78
00:12:26.340 --> 00:12:42.960
Daniela Barbosa: But I think a lot of people as they come into hyper ledger don't understand what that is so maybe it would be worth our while to take you use this as a reason to you know, maybe do a blog post around the governance and why it's important and.

79
00:12:44.190 --> 00:12:52.200
Daniela Barbosa: And how we see this as, as you know, good governance and healthy project, you know project developments as well.

80
00:12:53.730 --> 00:13:01.530
Daniela Barbosa: And I think that would be a great blog post me and Tracy we can help you or if somebody else wants to raise your hand to do it on the tlc.

81
00:13:02.790 --> 00:13:05.250
Daniela Barbosa: To put forward and have as a reference material.

82
00:13:08.610 --> 00:13:09.120
Tracy Kuhrt: sounds good.

83
00:13:10.380 --> 00:13:13.800
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So, again i'm happy to move for the motion to.

84
00:13:15.030 --> 00:13:16.110
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): to dominate state.

85
00:13:16.740 --> 00:13:18.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, any.

86
00:13:19.050 --> 00:13:24.960
Tracy Kuhrt: Second, thanks heart alright, so I don't think we need a roll call here.

87
00:13:26.310 --> 00:13:30.540
Tracy Kuhrt: So right if you just want to give us a gaining sort of.

88
00:13:33.600 --> 00:13:36.390
Ry Jones: In the matter before the technical Steering Committee.

89
00:13:38.370 --> 00:13:39.300
Ry Jones: who votes yay.

90
00:13:40.560 --> 00:13:42.510
Hart Montgomery: yay.

91
00:13:43.110 --> 00:13:43.620
yeah.

92
00:13:44.820 --> 00:13:47.910
Ry Jones: Does anyone abstained for voting on the matter.

93
00:13:50.910 --> 00:13:52.170
Ry Jones: Do we have any days.

94
00:13:54.690 --> 00:13:56.550
Ry Jones: The eyes have it, the eyes have it.

95
00:13:58.440 --> 00:14:00.060
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, thanks right.

96
00:14:02.970 --> 00:14:08.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so, then the The other matter before us really is talking through the.

97
00:14:11.250 --> 00:14:18.330
Tracy Kuhrt: The issue that I raised in a TC around projects, who have not submitted their tsu quarterly project update.

98
00:14:19.560 --> 00:14:29.040
Tracy Kuhrt: will be moved to dormant State after a TC vote, so there has been a lot of comments on this particular github issue already.

99
00:14:29.670 --> 00:14:43.950
Tracy Kuhrt: But I did want to bring it specifically to the TC and to our meeting here, so we can have a a wider discussion if anybody has any specific thoughts you'd like to bring up now would be the time to have that discussion.

100
00:14:45.330 --> 00:14:56.340
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think before we get to the discussion right if you wouldn't mind just opening up that issue, so that we can see it on the screen, as far as what it's been written up as.

101
00:14:58.050 --> 00:15:05.520
Tracy Kuhrt: So I have done a few edits based on things that people have brought up, but specifically.

102
00:15:07.380 --> 00:15:21.570
Tracy Kuhrt: The idea here is that if project, Mrs their quarterly project update we first go through the process of having the tlc vice chair reach out to those projects to remind them that their report is do.

103
00:15:22.590 --> 00:15:37.740
Tracy Kuhrt: They know has been reaching out specifically using these mechanisms that i've listed, which is reaching out directly to the last person who submitted the project quarterly update if he doesn't get a response he reaches out to both the project mailing list in the official chat channel.

104
00:15:39.240 --> 00:15:55.710
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the idea here is that if, for some reason he's unable to meet someone in the project and an entire quarter goes by since we've seen a report from the project, then the TC would discuss and determine if there should be a boat on moving that project to a domain state.

105
00:15:59.460 --> 00:16:03.150
Tracy Kuhrt: So Questions comments need discussion that we'd like to have.

106
00:16:11.820 --> 00:16:12.150
Tracy Kuhrt: A room.

107
00:16:14.400 --> 00:16:15.000
Aruna S M: Over so.

108
00:16:16.110 --> 00:16:23.190
Aruna S M: I guess my first question would be is dominant state only state that we're looking to move this project directly into our.

109
00:16:24.300 --> 00:16:26.430
Aruna S M: Can we consider let's say.

110
00:16:27.870 --> 00:16:41.790
Aruna S M: an intermediary state that says hey this nobody from this particular project is responding but probably eventually Community will oversee it and move it to dominate state, but for now we're just awaiting response.

111
00:16:45.360 --> 00:16:52.860
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah so I specifically use the dormant state as that was a state, we introduced last year.

112
00:16:53.310 --> 00:17:05.280
Tracy Kuhrt: And it seemed like the the right phrasing, if you will, I think we spoke quite a bit last year when we were thinking about what the right term was for this particular state.

113
00:17:06.180 --> 00:17:15.330
Tracy Kuhrt: dorm it seemed to be the right idea but happy to see if anybody else has any different ideas or thoughts about whether we should add a new state.

114
00:17:23.340 --> 00:17:29.010
Aruna S M: Since I still had my hand raised sorry i'll probably pitching that pitched it in with additional idea.

115
00:17:30.390 --> 00:17:30.930
Aruna S M: So we are.

116
00:17:31.080 --> 00:17:36.990
Aruna S M: Considering the current problem that is projects not submitting the quarterly reports.

117
00:17:38.070 --> 00:17:44.610
Aruna S M: But maybe in we have certain other cases where let's say some of these projects word.

118
00:17:45.180 --> 00:17:52.650
Aruna S M: not responding let's say a new labs has been set up and we recommended that particular labs project to reach out to existing projects.

119
00:17:53.160 --> 00:18:05.610
Aruna S M: and see if there is any collaboration and they being your newcomers into the Community they tried reaching out to these projects, however, they did not get a response from from these existing projects that could.

120
00:18:05.640 --> 00:18:09.030
Aruna S M: be another case which i'm anticipating could occur.

121
00:18:11.430 --> 00:18:15.480
Aruna S M: So maybe that calls us for a for a case where.

122
00:18:16.530 --> 00:18:28.860
Aruna S M: We say hey this particular project maintainer Sir not responding to multiple requests, irrespective of whether it's the tsa reaching out to them or any other Community members reaching out to them.

123
00:18:30.450 --> 00:18:34.740
Aruna S M: So yeah that's that's all I want to back up like my initial thoughts.

124
00:18:35.850 --> 00:18:36.180
Aruna S M: Thank you.

125
00:18:37.650 --> 00:18:37.980
Tracy Kuhrt: know.

126
00:18:39.390 --> 00:18:48.720
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): A couple of thoughts I mean on the land itself, I don't think we should put the labs in the next year because they officially not under the governance of the thc per se.

127
00:18:49.050 --> 00:19:02.070
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And I think you know is strictly those two laps to also dealt with those issues situations where we just say Okay, just like nobody is alive here and not responding and we just archive it and.

128
00:19:02.490 --> 00:19:11.400
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And we're pretty I mean thanks to right if we say we're pretty responsive at resurrecting those if somebody comes back and say no, no, I should be I mean to.

129
00:19:11.820 --> 00:19:18.540
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): keep working on this, so, so I don't think labs are concerning when it comes to the project's themselves.

130
00:19:19.110 --> 00:19:35.280
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know i'm happy that we just had this resolution for borough I think everybody would like to would like this kind of outcome better where there is actually agreement and discussions that has happened, where there is no, you know it's not a contentions.

131
00:19:37.140 --> 00:19:43.920
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Conflicting situation where the tsp military says, well, we haven't heard from them so screw it we're just.

132
00:19:44.370 --> 00:19:52.350
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know move them to Dom and then I hope this we never have to do this, really, because this is really an unfortunate situation.

133
00:19:52.680 --> 00:20:10.680
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I do, like the original proposal, because I think it doesn't force anything it just says hey, this is the mechanism will will use if it comes to this and there's all these like different milestones where you really trying to reach out and.

134
00:20:11.370 --> 00:20:18.660
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): it's really the worst case scenario where you say, well, we just can't get any answers and and then we will have to make a decision.

135
00:20:18.900 --> 00:20:25.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And it doesn't even say will automatically move the project to Dom and it just says the TC will really have to.

136
00:20:25.560 --> 00:20:33.450
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know, hard look at this and make a decision, so I think this is all we need I wouldn't want to make you know no offense to earn.

137
00:20:33.720 --> 00:20:48.390
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I can see the logic in our Rules counterproposal to add another state, I think it just makes things more complicated and unnecessary for something that ought to be a very corner edge cases So hopefully something will never really face.

138
00:20:50.130 --> 00:21:01.710
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, thanks, or no I just to clarify, on the one point about labs I agreed shouldn't be part of this, but I think what a room was trying to get to was the place where.

139
00:21:02.670 --> 00:21:11.010
Tracy Kuhrt: If a if we told it lab stuart's told the lab to reach out to an existing project and then that project didn't respond to that lab.

140
00:21:12.240 --> 00:21:16.860
Tracy Kuhrt: Is is I think what he was trying to get to which I think is a valid sort of point.

141
00:21:17.850 --> 00:21:20.520
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I guess okay thanks for the clarification I missed that.

142
00:21:21.030 --> 00:21:27.930
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah no worries I originally when I have my brain went there to you, and then I was like oh wait okay.

143
00:21:29.970 --> 00:21:31.380
Tracy Kuhrt: um so I just want to make sure.

144
00:21:32.040 --> 00:21:34.260
Tracy Kuhrt: You got that as well um heart.

145
00:21:35.250 --> 00:21:43.560
Hart Montgomery: So I think we should also try to address some of the core issues around this so just poking around right it looks like say caliper is pretty active.

146
00:21:43.980 --> 00:21:49.110
Hart Montgomery: Even though their quarterly report is like you know, a month overdue or something right, I mean they had.

147
00:21:49.560 --> 00:22:00.990
Hart Montgomery: just looking that you know somebody where it was merged pull requests, two days ago, so you know it's clear that you know people are people are still working the project isn't dead.

148
00:22:01.590 --> 00:22:16.230
Hart Montgomery: they're just not doing the quarterly reports, and I think for some of these smaller projects, you know you get people that say like you know it's just not a priority for people they don't really see the benefit of doing the quarterly report or doing much or doing it on time.

149
00:22:18.150 --> 00:22:24.990
Hart Montgomery: And so they just tend to like do it halfway or just just just kind of ignore it right.

150
00:22:26.670 --> 00:22:34.740
Hart Montgomery: So I think you know, obviously, for bigger projects, this is this is much less of an issue there's going to be somebody that can do this.

151
00:22:37.500 --> 00:22:47.580
Hart Montgomery: So i'm wondering if if there's a way we can sort of attack in the other direction, rather than you know just saying like you must do your quarterly reports.

152
00:22:48.030 --> 00:22:57.900
Hart Montgomery: and attacking with you know sort of the big stick, we can either give some kind of carrots for quarterly reports or or make quarterly reports, easy to do.

153
00:22:59.160 --> 00:23:06.600
Hart Montgomery: So, so I don't know how we can you know give carrots or incentivize people to do quarterly reports.

154
00:23:08.040 --> 00:23:18.480
Hart Montgomery: But you know, maybe some like attention from the tasc or maybe you know you can get stuff from your like accomplishments from the quarterly report featured on a blog or something.

155
00:23:18.870 --> 00:23:28.200
Hart Montgomery: i'm not sure I also think some of this stuff on the quarterly reports, it would be great if we could automate in the long run, just to make things easier like there's no reason why we can't pull.

156
00:23:28.650 --> 00:23:40.320
Hart Montgomery: Like the contributors, or the well, no reason, in theory, anyway, but we can't pull all the contributions statistics from fx or something like that so.

157
00:23:41.580 --> 00:23:49.140
Hart Montgomery: That might be a lot of work, but you know, maybe in the long run, we can think about doing that, so I guess what do people think about all of this.

158
00:23:50.730 --> 00:23:59.160
Tracy Kuhrt: chart just i'll come in before anybody else raises their hand um I, I think that there's.

159
00:24:00.600 --> 00:24:13.350
Tracy Kuhrt: there's a reason that we introduce quarterly report and maybe that reason isn't obvious to everybody involved in in the projects as to why they're doing the quarterly reports.

160
00:24:14.490 --> 00:24:23.940
Tracy Kuhrt: I also would comment on the fact that I actually take those quarterly reports there's two things that happen with those quarterly reports.

161
00:24:24.810 --> 00:24:40.590
Tracy Kuhrt: One is that I share them on a quarterly basis with the Governing Board and i'm sorry i'm a monthly basis with the governing board as to which ones were submitted and I also pull out the interesting sorts of facts from them.

162
00:24:42.750 --> 00:24:52.440
Tracy Kuhrt: And so I use those in the Governing Board reports every month to let them know kind of what the projects are up to and interesting things that they've been doing.

163
00:24:53.850 --> 00:25:09.360
Tracy Kuhrt: And I have also used a lot of the information from those quarterly reports for like the Member summit, when I gave the Member summit update of the projects those quarterly reports work great to figure out what was happening, specifically in the project.

164
00:25:10.560 --> 00:25:19.110
Tracy Kuhrt: I use those internally within Accenture to share what's happening on different projects that might be of interested people within Accenture.

165
00:25:20.490 --> 00:25:28.170
Tracy Kuhrt: You know I use these more than I think people realize it, and so I think if and when we do this blog post Daniela.

166
00:25:28.830 --> 00:25:47.820
Tracy Kuhrt: On the government, I think it's also maybe a place where we can highlight the usefulness of these project reports and why they why they bring value in my projects would want to do those and maybe that's just a discussion that we have to have broader with with projects, but for me.

167
00:25:49.740 --> 00:25:59.970
Tracy Kuhrt: I wouldn't know what was going on with some of these projects if we didn't have these projects reports so i'll stop because hurt obviously something I said, maybe raise your hand again so i'll let you go.

168
00:26:00.930 --> 00:26:03.750
Hart Montgomery: yeah I was just saying I think I agree with you and.

169
00:26:04.950 --> 00:26:10.470
Hart Montgomery: I think that the key point that you said was that the projects aren't aware that this is happening great.

170
00:26:11.820 --> 00:26:22.380
Hart Montgomery: So from their end it's just, particularly at a small but the big focus here is small projects that are not connected to the tasc that don't have tasc representation.

171
00:26:24.180 --> 00:26:31.800
Hart Montgomery: And these in to them, these quarterly reports are just kind of like a black hole right they see the input and and they don't see a lot.

172
00:26:33.210 --> 00:26:45.630
Hart Montgomery: A lot coming out of it, so I think I think emphasizing what you said to this small projects would you know to these projects that are you know still active, but not necessarily.

173
00:26:47.460 --> 00:27:00.720
Hart Montgomery: On time on their quarterly reports would be fantastic, and I think this would be, you know that this would encourage people to be more on time on these and to your other point.

174
00:27:01.950 --> 00:27:11.220
Hart Montgomery: We you know you were there for this, but we actually introduced the quarterly reports because we used to have people do them live at the tlc meeting.

175
00:27:12.510 --> 00:27:22.260
Hart Montgomery: And this just became too much of a burden on actually the tasc because all of the meetings were dominated by.

176
00:27:23.730 --> 00:27:34.500
Hart Montgomery: By people giving their quarterly report talks and it wasn't a problem that people didn't want to give them generally people wanted to like they wanted to talk about their project in front of the tasc.

177
00:27:35.040 --> 00:27:40.560
Hart Montgomery: And, and they spent too much time and that was the problem, and I know i'm sure he remembers this as well.

178
00:27:41.790 --> 00:27:50.220
Hart Montgomery: So maybe maybe we can also give some of these projects, a little bit of, we can say hey your quarterly report is late, you know.

179
00:27:52.170 --> 00:28:04.110
Hart Montgomery: If you're worried about you know impact of the tasc not seeing it do you want to talk, do you want to give it verbally in front of the dsc and obviously this isn't a sustainable thing that we can do for every project every time.

180
00:28:05.190 --> 00:28:10.950
Hart Montgomery: But, but maybe it could help connect some of these projects back to the tasc.

181
00:28:12.840 --> 00:28:15.660
Hart Montgomery: Thanks for listening sorry for the long talk.

182
00:28:16.320 --> 00:28:17.430
Tracy Kuhrt: No problem thanks all right.

183
00:28:22.650 --> 00:28:25.650
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other thoughts or comments.

184
00:28:30.510 --> 00:28:44.820
Tracy Kuhrt: i've kind of heard two different things one we like this and to order sure this is right thing, so like this, here are some other people in their thoughts on the issue at hand Nathan.

185
00:28:46.290 --> 00:28:50.220
Nathan George: it's important to emphasize, for the record we're not trying to make these reports hard.

186
00:28:51.060 --> 00:28:57.450
Nathan George: If they're overburden some or if there's data that's not applicable to your project or if there's something about doing quarterly report.

187
00:28:57.900 --> 00:29:02.700
Nathan George: it's really, really difficult, you know you can even use your quarterly report to tell us about that too.

188
00:29:03.450 --> 00:29:12.330
Nathan George: And you know the ideas that we are trying to gather enough information, we can support your project, we want to be able to brag about the good things that you're doing find you help.

189
00:29:13.170 --> 00:29:21.960
Nathan George: Make connections with other partner companies and organizations who are working in other areas in hyper ledger so they can understand why your your projects, interesting and hopefully get involved so.

190
00:29:24.780 --> 00:29:29.730
Nathan George: If someone's feeling like this is a bunch of busy work and it's not making any difference um.

191
00:29:30.330 --> 00:29:36.660
Nathan George: let's have a conversation about how it can make a better difference and what what what different kinds of data, we might put in the report to make it better for you.

192
00:29:37.560 --> 00:29:45.090
Nathan George: That that's always fair game, and that the template is not fixed or static enough that I think that that's a problem I have heard complaints around.

193
00:29:46.350 --> 00:29:59.460
Nathan George: You know it's just too hard to find time, I think the other than there's just a lot of other things going on and people have a lot of competing priorities so um I think that this.

194
00:30:00.660 --> 00:30:11.310
Nathan George: effort to follow up and formalizing some of the follow up around it will help us to avoid kind of that limbo of we haven't heard from a project and we're not sure what to do.

195
00:30:12.120 --> 00:30:22.890
Nathan George: it'll give us kind of some specific action steps as a tlc we can take to keep everything straight and to do our due diligence about governance, like our newest telling us about before.

196
00:30:26.910 --> 00:30:27.240
Nathan George: lobby.

197
00:30:28.590 --> 00:30:40.860
Bobbi M: hi everybody Happy New Year, I know that the learning materials and working group, every time I get a quarterly report I update the resource library for each one of the projects and when new people new developers come in and they say I don't know where to get started.

198
00:30:41.250 --> 00:30:47.940
Bobbi M: I send them there, and I say look at the summary of what's been going on in each one of these projects Look how many developers are coming in, are going out.

199
00:30:48.210 --> 00:31:00.690
Bobbi M: and make your decision based on that information, so it does, like the metadata from that helps newcomers figure out what projects, they want to jump in on and that could be a carrot for these people who are for the groups that aren't.

200
00:31:01.920 --> 00:31:08.550
Bobbi M: Seeing the value in that saying that's one of the first things the newcomers are looking at is how active is your project.

201
00:31:10.200 --> 00:31:11.190
Tracy Kuhrt: it's good point let me.

202
00:31:12.510 --> 00:31:12.810
Bobbi M: hurt.

203
00:31:14.520 --> 00:31:16.380
Hart Montgomery: Like other people can go first.

204
00:31:17.280 --> 00:31:18.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay Jen.

205
00:31:19.470 --> 00:31:27.000
Jim Zhang: Thanks Tracy sorry for joining late, so I apologize if this has already been brought up earlier, I felt like.

206
00:31:27.960 --> 00:31:49.470
Jim Zhang: The quality report definitely gives tasc a view into how prod each project is doing, but I thought it it's also a mechanism for sure article evaluation of how each project might need might may or may not need help from CSC point of view.

207
00:31:50.700 --> 00:32:08.820
Jim Zhang: I wonder if the burden can be shifted a little bit if we can produce every report not requiring the other team to do that, but every report comes with different contents, since we have those great.

208
00:32:10.860 --> 00:32:25.650
Jim Zhang: Project health status dashboards that I think each report just basically ended up, including anyway, if we can say whatever report will be generated on certain time.

209
00:32:27.420 --> 00:32:38.250
Jim Zhang: It can be the time that we currently require them to be produced and they by default calm with the you know the information from the dashboard.

210
00:32:38.670 --> 00:32:58.620
Jim Zhang: That shows, I think a lot of information about the healthiness of the project already and then every project owner is is welcome to add more details more color to you know just the numbers, but I think that number themselves tells a great story about how each project is doing.

211
00:33:00.420 --> 00:33:19.410
Jim Zhang: don't want to add more work to anybody's played I don't know if there's there's a good way to have those be generated with a default content by default and then you know every project owner can accept what's what's there, by default, or they can add more to it.

212
00:33:21.960 --> 00:33:22.680
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

213
00:33:23.850 --> 00:33:40.800
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't know i'm gonna jump in here before I call you because i'd like to respond to it to jim's comment here, I think that there is information, now that we didn't have when the product reports were originally created right, and I think that information is.

214
00:33:41.280 --> 00:33:44.160
Tracy Kuhrt: Useful However, I would also say that.

215
00:33:44.340 --> 00:33:59.670
Tracy Kuhrt: A lot of the words that people use are useful as well right about the specific things that we can't see by numbers right, these are the new features that were added in the last month or These are the things that are.

216
00:34:00.330 --> 00:34:06.840
Tracy Kuhrt: going well, these are the things that are going bad and I don't think you can necessarily get that information from analytics.

217
00:34:07.980 --> 00:34:16.770
Tracy Kuhrt: But at the same point I do agree that there's probably stuff in that project report template maybe doesn't have to be there anymore, now that we do have the analytics tool.

218
00:34:20.490 --> 00:34:21.000
Jim Zhang: If I can.

219
00:34:21.540 --> 00:34:23.640
Jim Zhang: Take a minute to respond to that Tracy.

220
00:34:24.840 --> 00:34:38.910
Jim Zhang: I think we're kind of agreeing that we should utilize the dashboard more sort of as the baseline of evaluating if a project is very active clearly pushing more code and having discussions.

221
00:34:39.600 --> 00:34:49.380
Jim Zhang: Even if they have nothing in the quarterly reports, I think we should feel happy right it shouldn't be a concern to anybody.

222
00:34:49.920 --> 00:35:07.110
Jim Zhang: it's only one it's silent over there it's silent on the on the report content in terms of words that's when we should get concerned I just feel like if we did this, then it takes a lot of sort of confusion and complains of too much work out of the equation.

223
00:35:10.290 --> 00:35:10.770
Jim Zhang: Thanks Jim.

224
00:35:11.670 --> 00:35:12.120
Tracy Kuhrt: or no.

225
00:35:14.580 --> 00:35:18.390
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I you know, on that very point first, I would say quickly that I.

226
00:35:18.780 --> 00:35:26.370
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): agree with your view Tracy, which is, I think you know we are leveraging the data are we asking people to put a link to the last quarter.

227
00:35:26.640 --> 00:35:38.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So that people have an easy access to this data, but I think the intent, at least, was to go beyond what the variable you know that's been can be gathered to dramatically.

228
00:35:38.580 --> 00:35:48.270
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And, and in a way that only a human being can really convey, but maybe Jim as the point where we and it kind of you know, goes.

229
00:35:48.600 --> 00:35:55.530
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): it's in line with what Nathan was touching on earlier, which is maybe at this point, we could you know.

230
00:35:56.100 --> 00:36:05.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): better communicate what we expect from from this this form this report and maybe lighten up even the structure.

231
00:36:05.550 --> 00:36:16.590
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And you know so that it the effort to feel them out in the case where there is no issue, because much lighter, but I also wanted to bounce initially to.

232
00:36:16.920 --> 00:36:28.830
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The icon on this topic, you were you were explaining very interesting, you know use cases for those reports all the use, you make out of them and Bobby also highlighted how she uses that.

233
00:36:29.250 --> 00:36:37.530
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And so I think, maybe out of this, we should take you know what i'm thinking is, we should make an effort to try to capture.

234
00:36:38.100 --> 00:36:48.300
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know the the the use of those reports and so that we can communicate that to the projects because I agree with what I said earlier that.

235
00:36:48.660 --> 00:37:00.300
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I suspect most projects don't even understand how much you know you are useful, they say and and I don't think we do a very good job necessarily explaining why are we having.

236
00:37:00.960 --> 00:37:13.260
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): worried we are asking them to fill out those reports and if they saw the value, maybe they would be more you know inclined to making the little effort we asking them to fill out those reports.

237
00:37:14.940 --> 00:37:16.590
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah good point.

238
00:37:18.060 --> 00:37:20.250
Tracy Kuhrt: Right your hand is virtually up.

239
00:37:20.520 --> 00:37:39.510
Ry Jones: yeah my hand is virtually up, so I agree, I think that's a good way to go, I do want to point out that the the data insights is not static and you can change history, so if we're going to generate one I just asked to the tlc.

240
00:37:40.650 --> 00:37:51.450
Ry Jones: It should be a static thing that they're pointing to not like a URL within fx because you can change history and that's that's all I got.

241
00:37:55.020 --> 00:37:55.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Right, can I.

242
00:37:55.950 --> 00:37:59.280
Tracy Kuhrt: Can I ask a follow up to the changing history, how do you change history.

243
00:38:01.230 --> 00:38:04.920
Ry Jones: I will give you an example that will happen later today.

244
00:38:05.100 --> 00:38:08.190
Ry Jones: I just transferred a repo in from BC go for Aries.

245
00:38:09.510 --> 00:38:23.520
Ry Jones: So the contribution data for this quarter and all quarters proceeding, it will have will be recalculated once that repo is those contributions are taking in so they're going to change, and if we archive a repo.

246
00:38:24.600 --> 00:38:27.270
Ry Jones: Those contributions will retroactively change as well.

247
00:38:29.250 --> 00:38:33.330
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay yeah understood makes sense i'll try a heart.

248
00:38:34.710 --> 00:38:38.880
Hart Montgomery: X Tracy so I just wanted to essentially agree with what our know said.

249
00:38:40.380 --> 00:38:47.400
Hart Montgomery: Just a second ago and I also want to point out that I think we have sort of two different problems with quarterly reports.

250
00:38:48.000 --> 00:39:03.300
Hart Montgomery: There are projects that are seemingly inactive that are not submitting their quarterly reports on time and, obviously, these projects, we should consider for dormancy, but there are also projects that are seemingly active that are lazy about.

251
00:39:04.320 --> 00:39:18.960
Hart Montgomery: submitting their quarterly reports and probably discussion for dormancy is is not really right for these projects right, we could just look at them and say like well, people are are still working pretty hard on this they're just not submitting their quarterly reports.

252
00:39:27.240 --> 00:39:27.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes.

253
00:39:28.920 --> 00:39:30.150
Tracy Kuhrt: Just thinking about that.

254
00:39:33.660 --> 00:39:38.220
Tracy Kuhrt: In the in the case of the projects that are.

255
00:39:39.750 --> 00:39:59.700
Tracy Kuhrt: not responding not providing a project report and just try to rephrase What if we get heard there's two different reasons that they might not be doing that one they truly might not be active and two they might be active, but they just don't see the need to fill out the project report.

256
00:40:00.810 --> 00:40:14.850
Tracy Kuhrt: In the former case, we need to do something about that, in the latter case, we need to still get information from those active projects about interesting things that we might be able to share with a.

257
00:40:15.360 --> 00:40:22.620
Tracy Kuhrt: wider community, and we need to figure out a way to do that did I did I captured that correctly or what you were trying to say.

258
00:40:24.480 --> 00:40:26.190
Hart Montgomery: Yes, thank you, that was great.

259
00:40:27.000 --> 00:40:29.520
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, I just want to make sure I didn't miss something.

260
00:40:29.580 --> 00:40:30.480
Hart Montgomery: No, no yeah.

261
00:40:30.780 --> 00:40:35.370
Hart Montgomery: I just wanted to point out that these two problems have potentially two different solutions.

262
00:40:35.490 --> 00:40:37.950
Hart Montgomery: yeah just what you summarized perfectly, so thank you.

263
00:40:38.700 --> 00:40:39.030
Okay.

264
00:40:40.470 --> 00:40:42.030
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Nathan.

265
00:40:43.050 --> 00:40:55.470
Nathan George: Well, I just to add to that often there's something we can do to help when that's the case like Maybe someone who's handling a lot of the administrative work has transitioned on to a different role or job or you know, maybe they need help with.

266
00:40:56.880 --> 00:41:03.750
Nathan George: nominating a new maintainer, for example, because if the core maintainer who is doing all the reports moves on it, maybe if the project is still.

267
00:41:04.200 --> 00:41:11.430
Nathan George: Perfectly active, but not all the roles and responsibilities as a former maintainer you know were passed on or handed over to someone else so.

268
00:41:11.670 --> 00:41:18.030
Nathan George: Now there's often something that's fairly easy and straightforward, we can do is to seek help and support with that in terms of.

269
00:41:18.750 --> 00:41:32.760
Nathan George: helping them find new containers or making sure that some of those responsibilities are passed on to someone who can help support, so I think it's worth calling that out that the dormancy is not the only outcome here.

270
00:41:33.930 --> 00:41:39.300
Nathan George: That they were really time and CSE as a whole, we need to go look at this, we need to figure out what we can do better.

271
00:41:41.220 --> 00:41:41.610
Tracy Kuhrt: yep.

272
00:41:44.040 --> 00:41:44.640
Tracy Kuhrt: hi David.

273
00:41:46.080 --> 00:41:52.470
David Boswell: Will to build on that about responsibilities and making sure they're handed off, I mean i've seen situations where new people come into a project.

274
00:41:53.040 --> 00:41:56.790
David Boswell: And they're just not aware of their responsibilities, I mean I don't think we need to assume that.

275
00:41:57.570 --> 00:42:02.520
David Boswell: A maintainer necessarily knows that they need to do the report and just chooses not to I suspect.

276
00:42:03.150 --> 00:42:09.660
David Boswell: There are new maintainer is you don't even realize this isn't necessarily a thing there's no real official maintainer onboarding, so to speak, right so.

277
00:42:10.290 --> 00:42:20.880
David Boswell: Maybe there is more we can do to notice when a new maintainer shows up and reach out and make sure that we have a conversation with them because i've seen other situations where new people show up and they're not necessarily aware of.

278
00:42:21.480 --> 00:42:26.490
David Boswell: Existing Community calls for example, or other things that maybe we would hope that they were aware of.

279
00:42:31.770 --> 00:42:33.120
Tracy Kuhrt: that's a good point to do it.

280
00:42:34.440 --> 00:42:41.970
Tracy Kuhrt: Is there something that we can be doing to document, some of the responsibilities that might exist out there, that people are not aware of.

281
00:42:42.510 --> 00:42:51.090
David Boswell: And, in theory, if I knew if and I don't know if insights could do this but, in theory, if it could, if we had a list of all the new maintainer who showed up in a given time period.

282
00:42:51.660 --> 00:43:00.750
David Boswell: You know I can reach out to them and say hey do you want to have an onboarding but you know I don't you know I don't think that's really been happening right now, I think the onboarding if it exists, has been very informal.

283
00:43:05.430 --> 00:43:08.490
Tracy Kuhrt: um I saw your hand go up and then back down anything.

284
00:43:10.740 --> 00:43:16.860
Hart Montgomery: Oh sure I was just going to comment that it seems like the reminders were particularly erratic recently.

285
00:43:20.940 --> 00:43:22.980
Hart Montgomery: I don't know what was up with that, but.

286
00:43:25.230 --> 00:43:27.420
Ry Jones: I did go through and change.

287
00:43:29.400 --> 00:43:41.310
Ry Jones: a bunch of the meetings when I was rescheduling stuff for this year to kind of spread out, we had a bunch of them that were happening all at once, and we had some new projects, I was reshuffling them.

288
00:43:42.360 --> 00:43:44.010
Ry Jones: it's possible that I.

289
00:43:45.270 --> 00:43:56.610
Ry Jones: didn't get all the invites exactly correctly set up with the proper reminders, so I will go back and look at the project calendars and make sure that those are set up correctly, thank you for pointing that out.

290
00:44:01.920 --> 00:44:05.700
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, anything else I I heard.

291
00:44:07.410 --> 00:44:12.750
Tracy Kuhrt: A couple things that I think are action items that we need to take as a TC.

292
00:44:13.890 --> 00:44:24.870
Tracy Kuhrt: One is that we probably need to review the project report template and determine what is still useful to have what is not useful to have in them.

293
00:44:26.100 --> 00:44:28.950
Tracy Kuhrt: As well as writing up.

294
00:44:30.540 --> 00:44:44.910
Tracy Kuhrt: Some wiki page or some blog post that talks about why project reports are important right, how are they used beyond just the hey you wrote it we read it, that was the end of it right.

295
00:44:45.930 --> 00:44:55.050
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think those are the two action items specifically for this particular issue I think there's still value in it for.

296
00:44:56.070 --> 00:45:03.900
Tracy Kuhrt: The projects that are truly inactive right that they're not writing a report because there's nobody there to write a report and there's nothing that's happening on those projects.

297
00:45:05.100 --> 00:45:20.400
Tracy Kuhrt: However, as has been stated right there are the cases where we want to try and figure out how to make this an easier process for projects that are active and that this doesn't seem like a.

298
00:45:22.920 --> 00:45:25.470
Tracy Kuhrt: A hassle right struggle and.

299
00:45:26.580 --> 00:45:35.580
Tracy Kuhrt: A complex sort of thing to for them to do on a quarterly basis, and I think you know the two action items will help in that regard so.

300
00:45:36.150 --> 00:45:49.350
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything else that we should talk about specifically for this issue is there, anybody who wants to volunteer for for maybe reviewing the project report template coming up with an alternative for suggestions for changes.

301
00:45:50.460 --> 00:45:51.510
Tracy Kuhrt: as we go forward.

302
00:45:52.650 --> 00:45:56.670
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm happy to write up the information on why the project reports are important.

303
00:46:03.870 --> 00:46:11.370
Jim Zhang: Casey I can help take a look at the the template of to see if we can include a section that has.

304
00:46:13.050 --> 00:46:15.090
Jim Zhang: The stats capture somehow.

305
00:46:16.470 --> 00:46:17.970
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay that'd be great.

306
00:46:19.110 --> 00:46:25.500
Tracy Kuhrt: And also, if there's if there's things in there that we think are no longer really valid right to to have.

307
00:46:26.460 --> 00:46:28.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Somebody manually go and ask.

308
00:46:30.090 --> 00:46:34.440
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, those are things we can take a look at you know updating the template as well.

309
00:46:50.610 --> 00:46:51.930
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, any.

310
00:46:54.900 --> 00:47:03.360
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other comments any questions anything that is not related to this, that we should be talking about as this year starts.

311
00:47:10.590 --> 00:47:13.650
Tracy Kuhrt: Everybody got their fingers crossed that jason's gonna say they can go now.

312
00:47:17.040 --> 00:47:19.320
Tracy Kuhrt: kimmy very quiet in order to make that happen.

313
00:47:24.690 --> 00:47:26.820
Hart Montgomery: Casey we're expecting a closing monologue.

314
00:47:27.840 --> 00:47:29.100
Tracy Kuhrt: No, I can't do it.

315
00:47:32.700 --> 00:47:34.470
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, so there's nothing.

316
00:47:34.530 --> 00:47:35.040
else.

317
00:47:36.600 --> 00:47:39.000
Tracy Kuhrt: You know we'll hopefully have.

318
00:47:40.200 --> 00:47:47.550
Tracy Kuhrt: The opportunity in the next week for you to go through and take a look and make some suggestions and hopefully get you on the report next week.

319
00:47:48.690 --> 00:48:03.660
Tracy Kuhrt: or on the agenda next week and then I will also start to write up the information on why a project report is important, so we can take a look at that and see if there's other things we'd like to add to it with that I am going to close the meeting.

320
00:48:05.610 --> 00:48:07.350
Dave Enyeart: That was a good closing monologue Thank you.

321
00:48:08.220 --> 00:48:09.330
Hart Montgomery: Thank you, thanks Tracy.

322
00:48:11.550 --> 00:48:11.790
Dave Enyeart: I.

323
00:48:13.350 --> 00:48:14.310
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): say goodbye.

