1. [Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Sawtooth](Hyperledger-Sawtooth_20152342.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_20154206.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_20156244.html)
5. [2019 Sawtooth Meetings](2019-Sawtooth-Meetings_20156267.html)

# Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived) : 6/24/2019 Agenda &amp; Notes

Created by Mark Ford, last modified on Jun 24, 2019

- Demo of Sabre 0.4 (Andi)
- - Compatible with 0.3 Rust SDK
  - [https://sawtooth.hyperledger.org/docs/sabre/releases/latest/version\_compatibility.html](https://sawtooth.hyperledger.org/docs/sabre/releases/latest/version_compatibility.html)
  - Native Rust Objects for protobufs in Sabre SDK
  - No-op logging macros (Sabre 0.3)
  - Logging Macros for Sabre Smart Contracts (Sabre 0.4)
- Review of Sawtooth and v1.2 Status on [Multi-Project Kanban Board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=232&projectKey=STL&selectedIssue=STL-1549) (Mark)
- - Why is there a 1.3 tag? (Arun)
  - - That is the tag for current master (Ryan BB)
  - This jira board shows the current stories that we are working on to get ready for the 1.2 (Chime) release. This includes finishing updating the docs, LR testing and getting ready for the announcement (blog posts, release notes, etc). (Mark)
  - Are you creating a document for upgrading from 1.1 to 1.2? (Donald)
  - - I believe it was very straight forward, updated versions and apt packages. (Ryan)
  - This is a Hyperledger Jira board so it is accessible by everyone. There is also a Help Wanted section that are available for people to work on. If you would like to work on something move it up into planning so we can see it on the board (Mark)
  - Can we have a story for documenting how to upgrade from different version (Arun)
  - - Feel free to create a story for this if there is not already one. (Mark)
    - Okay. I also say that people were trying to update AWS version? (Arun)
    - I believe the version that is up there now is managed by Intel and is kinda old. (Shawn)
- Open RFCs:
- - How to proceed on docker build and run - [https://github.com/hyperledger/sawtooth-rfcs/pull/45](https://github.com/hyperledger/sawtooth-rfcs/pull/45) (Arun/Dan Anderson)
    
    - With the new version of docker we can pass arguments using a config.json file. (Arun)
    - Instead of using this RFC, can we just put in the documentation that you need to have the newest version of Docker?(Ryan)
      
      - I was not able to get that to work. I'm not sure why this config.json file is better than individual environment variables(Dan Anderson)
        
        - It looks like you have an old version of Docker. This way you only have to have one config file on your host machine instead of updating every docker-compose file. (Ryan)
- PRs for discussion:
- - Send serialized transaction header to the transaction processor. (Arun)
  - - Discuss the SDK behavior, is backward compatibility expected? If it has to be breaking change then is it a 2.0 feature?
      
      - The consequence of not maintaining the protocol version in the sdk, if someone updated there dep they would all of a sudden not be able to talk to there Validator network. So it is very important that the sdk should gracefully handle the upgrade in protocol. I don't think it should be a 2.0 feature. We can continue this conversation on Rockchat. (Peter)
- Open Forum:
- - Discussion on multiple connection issue. How to solve the race condition? (Arun)
    
    - I had made a PR to fix this but did not fix the race condition because it caused the connecting validators to pick different connections so they never fully connect with the bidirectional connection. (Arun)
    - We have been discussing how we can give the connections a way to have a predictable id that allows the connections to know if they are already connected. Possibly use the public key since it is already required to be unique on the sawtooth network, currently we use a randomly generated uuid that makes it impossible to correlate the connections. (Peter)
  - How is transact going to be put into sawtooth? (Arun)
    
    - We are going to start working on this very soon. It is going to replace the pieces that are currently written in Python and that we have written in rust for Transact (Executors, schedulers, context manager, etc …) We are probably going to start with a long-lived branch where we connect them and then come up with an idea of how to get it into master. As far as timing, Transact needs to be a feature parity with Sawtooth before we do that. We are still working on parallel schedule and transaction processor support.
- <!--THE END-->
- - I saw a commit to retire maintainers, what is happening with that? (Arun)
    
    - We are going through the repos and updating the maintainer list. This includes removing people who are no longer active and move them to into a retired state and adding a few people who have been very active. (Shawn)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
