1. [Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Sawtooth](Hyperledger-Sawtooth_20152342.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_20154206.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_20156244.html)
5. [2023 Sawtooth Meetings](2023-Sawtooth-Meetings_20156333.html)

# Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived) : 2023-04-26 Meeting Notes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Jun 27, 2023

Hyperledger Contributor Meeting Agenda

When: Wednesday, April 26, 2023 

9:00am to 10:00am  Eastern Time - New York

(UTC - 5:00) 

Location:

[https://zoom.us/j/91526040244?pwd=TjExenBQSU9QYUFjSUMrTjg0MCtBQT09](https://zoom.us/j/91526040244?pwd=TjExenBQSU9QYUFjSUMrTjg0MCtBQT09)

[Hyperledger Anti-Trust Policy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+AntiTrust+Policy)

[Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

Attendees:

[Kevin O'Donnell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:78a23eba-27ce-4832-8ae4-d22c3b705e98?ref=confluence) 

[Shawn Amundson](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:2e7d95e7-feba-4f98-9e87-ae7a151bcdc8?ref=confluence) 

[James Barry](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5eac6d069ce9ee0b8957d517?ref=confluence)

[Andi Gunderson](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a62116ab12a51717aac433f?ref=confluence) 

[William Katsak](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b4ec0925-0ec6-4473-8808-669c8af3f950?ref=confluence) 

Joseph Livesey

Mark Carroll

Ryan Roberts

[Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence) 

Purpose:

To keep the Sawtooth 1.x line current and advancing with code and bug fixes. 

1. Who should prepare the quarterly report - James Barry will with help from Shawn
2. Specific changes to discuss:

<!--THE END-->

1. Main Branch - tangible steps
2. 1. Go through main and identify the pieces that should be shifted to main
   2. 1. Kevin and Shawn will work through pieces on Discord
      2. Shawn would like history in main
      3. Apply a patch to main or move certain items to 1.3 and rename it to main
3. POET consensus  - should this be updated?
4. 1. Most projects are using PBFT
   2. Intel SGX is no longer used by the POET available today
   3. 1. There are security issues within the current POET
      2. Reason it is still there lose the ability to handle forking consensus which is not being able to be tested
      3. Augrun is a consensus library that separates consensus code from implementation
      4. 1. To keep researchers from implementing the entire stack
      5. Can POET be lifted into a new area and made more secure and maintainable?
      6. 1. Can it be made a simulator only so people do not use it for production?
         2. Is the breakage Python libraries or Docker libraries?
         3. Joseph will take a look at cleaning up the code and documentation update - main working again with POET
   4. Is RAFT decommissioned? Make sure that it is sunsetted -
   5. 1. Go through the documentation and remove mentions
      2. 1. James to clean through the documentation and clean up website
         2. Make it official
5. Long running testing
6. 1. Kevin to drop in code and update the long running test framework

<!--THE END-->

1. [Bill Katsak](mailto:bill@taekion.com) will be releasing Hedera consensus so that a Public consensus is available for Sawtooth the private chain
2. Find and identify additional developers working on Sawtooth and have them on this meeting and contribute

How to turn the end user experience into the documents?

Have some Rust code from the Python

1. Review of any high priority bugs or issues
2. . Open discussion

<!--THE END-->

1. Listing out tools that are used within the project

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/108b0LvennbRiXLLs8jHUE1X0gS7hC58y19Ku3hCPHw0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/108b0LvennbRiXLLs8jHUE1X0gS7hC58y19Ku3hCPHw0/edit?usp=sharing)

Recording: [https://youtu.be/TDlGi3cK-ZI](https://youtu.be/TDlGi3cK-ZI)

  File Modified

No files shared here yet.

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
