1. [Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Sawtooth](Hyperledger-Sawtooth_20152342.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_20154206.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_20156244.html)
5. [2023 Sawtooth Meetings](2023-Sawtooth-Meetings_20156333.html)

# Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived) : 2023-03-22 Meeting Notes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Jun 27, 2023

Recording: [https://youtu.be/loBiFkQQ4nA](https://youtu.be/loBiFkQQ4nA)

Attendees:

Ry JonesJames BarryShawn AmundsonAndi GundersonJoseph LiveseyWilliam KatsakKevin O'DonnellRyan RobertsMark Carroll

Hyperledger Contributor Meeting Agenda

**When:**

Wednesday, March 22, 2023

10:00am to 11:00am

(UTC-04:00) America/New York

**Where:**

Purpose:

To keep the Sawtooth 1.x line current and advancing with code and bug fixes.  A lot of progress was made since the last meeting with the discussions becoming active again in the Sawtooth Discord channels.

1. Should the project take what's in main, move it to another branch and take 1-3 and make it main? This would be so that the branch structure represents how we are thinking of the project moving forward.

*Comments: Much advanced code is using 1-3 and several advances have been put in other branches.  Time to backport advances in 1-3 because it is an easier path.* 

*Will there be any breakage?  Forks might be and dependencies.  But this allows us to have a single code base.  Merge major features into the new branch*

*Network Layer moving to RUST*

*&lt;Main&gt; today is mainly a place for functions of future development - Can be stood up but not production ready.* 

*Github issues for tracking this change*

1. Specific changes to discuss:
2. a) ZmqMessageConnection can be made more compatible with modern Rust by creating an AsyncZmqMessageConnection trait and implementation that supports the Future and Stream traits.

*Issues with Synchronous and Asynchronous.  Should Transact be put into the &lt;new&gt; branch? om n libSawtooth? Make a clear delineation between libSawtooth and the SawtoothSDK.   Discuss on Discord* 

1. b) The apply signature of TransactionProcessor is also unwieldy with modern Rust. In particular, the &amp;mut dyn TransactionContext is problematic.

*Discuss on Discord* 

1. c) What should be done to the existing test infrastructure - should it be rebuilt?

*Shawn and Kevin will take this up offline*

1. d) New smart contract interface

*Go back to point #1* 

1. e) Any volunteers to update the demos in Github to make them run smoothly with the current release?

Need to update documentation &lt;Jeckel will help&gt; 

1. Review of any high priority bugs or issues
2. Open discussion

*Current maintainer policy needs revision, such as retiring maintainers.  Criteria to add new maintainers. Current policy all maintainers vote.* 

*Next meeting in one month.*

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
