1. [Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Sawtooth](Hyperledger-Sawtooth_20152342.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_20154206.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_20156244.html)
5. [2023 Sawtooth Meetings](2023-Sawtooth-Meetings_20156333.html)

# Hyperledger Sawtooth (Archived) : 2023-02-22 Meeting Notes

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Jun 27, 2023

02/22/2023 Meeting Notes

Hyperledger Contributor Meeting Agenda

When: Wednesday, February 22nd, 2023 

9:00am to 10:00am  Eastern Time - New York

(UTC - 5:00) 

Location:

[https://zoom.us/j/91526040244?pwd=TjExenBQSU9QYUFjSUMrTjg0MCtBQT09](https://zoom.us/j/91526040244?pwd=TjExenBQSU9QYUFjSUMrTjg0MCtBQT09)

[Hyperledger Anti-Trust Policy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+AntiTrust+Policy)

[Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

Purpose:

To restart developer interest in the 1.X line of Hyperledger Sawtooth.  Sawtooth 2.0 was started over a year ago, but developer interest never seemed to ignite over a complete rewrite and architecture. The work will continue, mainly through Sean and Bitwise - though I am sure they welcome other contributors. In the meanwhile many companies continued to build their technical foundation on v1.X.  The purpose of this meeting should be to see if there is developer interest in continuing development on the 1.X codebase.

1. Quick review of where the codebase is today. The purpose of this meeting is around 1.X maintenance and enhancements.
2. Contribution Ideas from those on the call, I will start with a few that we at Taekion have looked at tackling, but certainly enough - but some to get us talking:
   
   1. Making the TransactionCommitCache an LRU (We ran into issues with dependent transactions)
   2. Abstracting out the rust LMDB database functions into a separate crate and trait (sawdb)  - better abstraction where others can experiment with different database backends
   3. A rocksdb implementation of the sawdb trait for the merkle tree database - big performance improvement
   4. A mundane one, but important to understanding Sawtooth 1.x - documenting the network APIs (our work with the consensus API showed where that is lacking)
   5. I starting with some thoughts - but others are needed if 1.X is to continue
3. Review of any high priority bugs or issues
4. Housekeeping
5. Volunteers to either help or track down someone who can help with questions that are on Discord or other sources .
6. Open discussion
7. When should the next meeting be scheduled - in 4 weeks or sooner?

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\**

Notes from February 23, 2023 meeting: (ANYONE can hit this doc and put comments on here 

Duncan from BTP discussed why to keep Version 1.X and not make it dormant

[Shawn Amundson](mailto:amundson@bitwise.io) from Bitwise has not heard about the project potentially becoming [dormant](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/project-lifecycle.html), but is the lead contributor v1.3 should be using lib sawtooth.

Kevin O’Donnell from BTP has several items to push to the v1.3 branch

Arun is just listening from the TOC perspective

Kevin is working with a set of V1.X for BTP 

Discussion around putting a lot of asynchronous discussion in Discord.  To be vibrant Discord needs to get more discussion and answering questions.

Are releases important or are you forking the branch?  

BTP does not care about the formal release but tagging is important to BTP. 

Recording: [https://youtu.be/3MhocFnbCfQ](https://youtu.be/3MhocFnbCfQ)

  File Modified

Labels

- No labels
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [GMT20230222-140137\_RecordingnewChat.txt](attachments/20154428/20156336.txt "Download")

Feb 22, 2023 by [Ry Jones](/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850)

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [GMT20230222-140137\_RecordingnewChat.txt](attachments/20154428/20156336.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
