WEBVTT

1
00:00:04.710 --> 00:00:10.510
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Welcome everybody to the January 26 Hyper Ledger Technical Oversight Committee call.

2
00:00:10.670 --> 00:00:20.080
Tracy Kuhrt: as you are all aware, 2 things that we must divide by on the call. The first is the antitrust policy. Notice that is currently displayed on the screen.

3
00:00:20.420 --> 00:00:25.449
Tracy Kuhrt: and the second is our code of conduct which is linked to the agenda

4
00:00:26.060 --> 00:00:39.220
Tracy Kuhrt: for announcements. Today we have the Standard Hyper Ledger that weekly developer newsletter that goes out each Friday. If you have something that you would like to reach the hundreds of hyper ledger developers that we have in the community.

5
00:00:39.310 --> 00:00:44.509
Tracy Kuhrt: Please leave a comment on the Wiki page that is linked in the agenda.

6
00:00:45.060 --> 00:00:48.400
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other announcements that anybody has for today?

7
00:00:59.660 --> 00:01:01.990
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, I will take that as a. No.

8
00:01:02.030 --> 00:01:05.610
Tracy Kuhrt: So for quarterly reports we

9
00:01:06.680 --> 00:01:12.220
Tracy Kuhrt: still have the outstanding. Q. 4 Hyper Ledger Orsa reports we

10
00:01:12.360 --> 00:01:18.940
Tracy Kuhrt: I have the Saw Tooth report that's coming in today. I did get reached out to you from the folks there.

11
00:01:19.010 --> 00:01:25.729
Tracy Kuhrt: currently working on a release, and then they will get to the report, probably later today. So we should expect to see that coming in

12
00:01:25.900 --> 00:01:30.670
Tracy Kuhrt: check your inboxes, or your task list to see when that does show up.

13
00:01:31.060 --> 00:01:34.529
Tracy Kuhrt: And then Steven was

14
00:01:35.500 --> 00:01:45.979
Tracy Kuhrt: ahead of schedule. I guess it got us the Hyper Ledger areas report ahead of schedule. So I saw that a number of people have had the opportunity to review that already.

15
00:01:46.150 --> 00:01:49.609
Tracy Kuhrt: If you haven't that one is waiting for your review.

16
00:01:49.800 --> 00:01:55.209
But for those who have had a chance. Are there any questions on the Hyper Ledger areas report

17
00:01:55.280 --> 00:01:56.829
Tracy Kuhrt: that anybody has?

18
00:02:16.860 --> 00:02:20.369
Tracy Kuhrt: It looks like we just have some updates for the

19
00:02:20.760 --> 00:02:26.639
Tracy Kuhrt: data from the Insights report that needs to come in on that. So we'll expect that

20
00:02:26.970 --> 00:02:28.909
Tracy Kuhrt: update it here hopefully, shortly.

21
00:02:32.780 --> 00:02:41.999
Tracy Kuhrt: just laughing. I'm watching the participants come in, and we now have 2 people for a Hyper ledger Project folks. So I just

22
00:02:42.290 --> 00:02:43.770
Tracy Kuhrt: It's amazing.

23
00:02:45.210 --> 00:02:54.110
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. Anyway, Next next thing that we have on the agenda here is to talk about the move. The project reports to Github.

24
00:02:54.210 --> 00:02:59.310
Tracy Kuhrt: so I think we're probably ready to make a decision on this today.

25
00:02:59.450 --> 00:03:04.970
Tracy Kuhrt: I did see a number of people who have agreed to

26
00:03:05.150 --> 00:03:13.290
Tracy Kuhrt: this on the chat, and have provided some input as to where they, I think these reports should be hosted.

27
00:03:13.570 --> 00:03:19.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Any questions or comments that exist on this that we need to talk about in the meeting

28
00:03:22.630 --> 00:03:27.680
Tracy Kuhrt: any concerns that anybody has, they'd like to bring up. I know. Last week the

29
00:03:27.840 --> 00:03:37.210
Tracy Kuhrt: the concern was whether or not we would have any objections from people who submit project reports didn't see any that showed up on the chat.

30
00:03:37.490 --> 00:03:42.210
Tracy Kuhrt: But any other comments or concerns that we have with this.

31
00:03:49.610 --> 00:03:53.989
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So to see this, although I I am no problem. I just think that

32
00:03:54.650 --> 00:03:58.700
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): obviously we will have to update the documentation so

33
00:03:59.520 --> 00:04:00.760
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): well, I mean

34
00:04:00.860 --> 00:04:04.789
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I you know i'm thankful for buying me the effort to

35
00:04:05.340 --> 00:04:15.880
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): collaborate on the process being proposed, which you didn't have. Initially, I think this all sounds good, but we need to capture that somewhere else. Then in my tissue eventually. Right?

36
00:04:17.110 --> 00:04:19.769
Tracy Kuhrt: Correct. That is correct. We'll have to

37
00:04:19.820 --> 00:04:28.199
Tracy Kuhrt: make sure that we redirect people to where they need to go to to create those project reports in the future.

38
00:04:28.340 --> 00:04:34.400
Tracy Kuhrt: probably on the Wiki we'll. We'll put a link there directly, and then

39
00:04:34.980 --> 00:04:44.480
Tracy Kuhrt: I think there's a few other places that we talk about. Project reports that we should consider either updating and or moving from the Wiki.

40
00:04:44.520 --> 00:04:46.230
Tracy Kuhrt: I I think there was a

41
00:04:46.430 --> 00:04:53.999
Tracy Kuhrt: document that we had wrote 2 years ago, maybe about the the value of these project reports, and why we create them

42
00:04:54.050 --> 00:04:57.199
that could potentially be moved over to

43
00:04:57.320 --> 00:05:05.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Github as well as just a kinda introduction for this particular section on the on the Toc site.

44
00:05:07.260 --> 00:05:11.349
Tracy Kuhrt: But yeah, we'll definitely have to go through and see if there's any other places that we have to update.

45
00:05:12.550 --> 00:05:23.090
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So the ways we had talked about reaching out to the projects. To us the Maintainer is the we have those reports. So they felt about it. But we haven't heard back from anybody.

46
00:05:23.980 --> 00:05:35.689
Tracy Kuhrt: So I did reach out on the Maintainer's Discussion Channel. The only thing that I saw was a few people said, yeah, this looks good and a a few thumbs up.

47
00:05:35.860 --> 00:05:41.560
Tracy Kuhrt: if you will. There, I didn't see anybody who objected to the

48
00:05:42.110 --> 00:05:43.220
Tracy Kuhrt: request.

49
00:05:44.850 --> 00:05:46.290
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): so I just

50
00:05:46.560 --> 00:05:53.879
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): you know it'll be interesting to see. I mean, people submit the next pro report on the Wiki

51
00:05:54.010 --> 00:05:59.020
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and Didn't get them able.

52
00:05:59.350 --> 00:06:06.849
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yeah, for sure, it will be a data point on how effective we are at reaching out to maintainer

53
00:06:15.600 --> 00:06:19.100
Tracy Kuhrt: any other comments or concerns.

54
00:06:35.340 --> 00:06:38.460
No, their comments? No, they're concerned.

55
00:06:38.750 --> 00:06:42.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Did we want to make a motion for

56
00:06:44.020 --> 00:06:46.070
Tracy Kuhrt: moving. The project reports to Github.

57
00:06:49.290 --> 00:07:01.779
Marcus Brandenburger: This is Marcus speaking just one question. So what will happen with the existing project reports which we have on the Wiki? Do we also migrate them to get up to everything in the single place?

58
00:07:02.670 --> 00:07:03.930
Ry Jones: That's my plan.

59
00:07:06.140 --> 00:07:07.439
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Hi! How are you?

60
00:07:07.620 --> 00:07:09.559
Ry Jones: I've already export them as

61
00:07:09.970 --> 00:07:13.679
Ry Jones: HTML, and I use Pandoc to convert them to mark down.

62
00:07:15.670 --> 00:07:17.230
Ry Jones: Those will come over time

63
00:07:19.480 --> 00:07:21.330
Ry Jones: mostly because the

64
00:07:21.630 --> 00:07:25.949
Ry Jones: HTML export doesn't preserve the voting status.

65
00:07:26.800 --> 00:07:28.129
Ry Jones: So I need to.

66
00:07:28.460 --> 00:07:32.350
Ry Jones: I said, voting status the checkbox status.

67
00:07:33.050 --> 00:07:35.469
Ry Jones: So my plan is to move those over

68
00:07:38.970 --> 00:07:54.219
Marcus Brandenburger: right, so that most probably will also mean that we will violate the proposed protocol in order to basically review and approve on Github all the existing project updates. I I guess.

69
00:07:58.100 --> 00:08:02.739
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah. So I think all the existing project updates.

70
00:08:04.010 --> 00:08:19.209
Tracy Kuhrt: You know they've already obviously been approved by previous Tocs or Tsc. As the case may be. And so, yeah, I don't think we'll enough necessarily need to have everybody in this Poc. Approve those before we can

71
00:08:19.300 --> 00:08:23.109
Tracy Kuhrt: get those merged over. I think that was your question. Right, Marcus.

72
00:08:23.420 --> 00:08:24.220
Yes.

73
00:08:26.660 --> 00:08:27.420
Tracy Kuhrt: or not

74
00:08:27.740 --> 00:08:34.829
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): so. I I mean if there is a way to transfer the old stuff I mean the get up. I think it's great, but I

75
00:08:35.159 --> 00:08:37.360
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): can. We just leave With that you can link

76
00:08:37.940 --> 00:08:44.460
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): from Github to to the Wiki and say, for all the repos, go check that out over there.

77
00:08:46.300 --> 00:08:48.799
Ry Jones: What I would like to do

78
00:08:49.770 --> 00:08:52.459
Ry Jones: is mitigate this

79
00:08:52.610 --> 00:08:54.810
Ry Jones: durability point to right.

80
00:08:57.210 --> 00:08:59.809
Ry Jones: So we've we've lost founding documents.

81
00:09:00.150 --> 00:09:02.869
Ry Jones: and I want to get them into. Get

82
00:09:03.690 --> 00:09:05.410
Ry Jones: okay.

83
00:09:05.970 --> 00:09:07.979
Ry Jones: I don't play on deleting them from the Wiki.

84
00:09:09.520 --> 00:09:13.830
Ry Jones: But I just want to get them somewhere. Version controlled. That's not the Wiki.

85
00:09:15.350 --> 00:09:16.170
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Okay.

86
00:09:16.440 --> 00:09:17.550
it's fine. Thanks.

87
00:09:22.750 --> 00:09:28.690
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Any other comments concerns questions before we go to a motion.

88
00:09:35.460 --> 00:09:36.709
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): so i'll move.

89
00:09:38.000 --> 00:09:39.839
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, I'll thank you.

90
00:09:39.890 --> 00:09:40.740
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh.

91
00:09:41.100 --> 00:09:42.270
Tracy Kuhrt: do we have a second?

92
00:09:45.650 --> 00:09:46.529
Yes, I can.

93
00:09:47.170 --> 00:09:48.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks. A room

94
00:09:50.080 --> 00:09:51.550
Tracy Kuhrt: all right.

95
00:09:54.030 --> 00:09:56.959
Tracy Kuhrt: So right. Do you want to just take us to a

96
00:09:57.360 --> 00:10:00.560
Tracy Kuhrt: objection? Abstain, approve.

97
00:10:01.160 --> 00:10:01.920
Ry Jones: sure

98
00:10:03.210 --> 00:10:05.869
Ry Jones: all those who object, say nay.

99
00:10:09.210 --> 00:10:12.030
Ry Jones: all those who abstain say.

100
00:10:12.610 --> 00:10:13.510
Ry Jones: abstain

101
00:10:16.250 --> 00:10:18.049
Ry Jones: all those who approve say, aye.

102
00:10:22.350 --> 00:10:26.769
Ry Jones: the motion before the T Oc. Passes by Voice phone.

103
00:10:28.490 --> 00:10:29.840
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, thanks, Ry.

104
00:10:32.740 --> 00:10:40.590
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So for our next agenda item. We have a discussion about some proposed task forces.

105
00:10:40.640 --> 00:10:46.630
Tracy Kuhrt: so just to bring up to speed those who may not have been on the Toc. Last year

106
00:10:46.730 --> 00:10:48.430
we had

107
00:10:49.020 --> 00:10:55.509
Tracy Kuhrt: last year moved to running task forces during the second half of the Toc call.

108
00:10:55.540 --> 00:10:57.490
with the first half being

109
00:10:57.620 --> 00:11:10.030
Tracy Kuhrt: used for discussion and decisions, potentially depending on the agenda. We did tend to go beyond the half an hour mark, but

110
00:11:10.060 --> 00:11:16.460
Tracy Kuhrt: the the intention really is to run task forces so that we're getting some work done by the Tosc.

111
00:11:16.720 --> 00:11:17.770
Tracy Kuhrt: And

112
00:11:18.070 --> 00:11:20.499
Tracy Kuhrt: how last year, I think we had

113
00:11:21.130 --> 00:11:25.269
Tracy Kuhrt: 4 different task forces that we ran during the Toc.

114
00:11:26.650 --> 00:11:36.559
Tracy Kuhrt: And then a number of those task forces also had, like off cycle meetings where they met and get got some work done outside of the Toc calls.

115
00:11:36.590 --> 00:11:43.210
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think the the intention is to continue that practice here. We did have quite a lot of

116
00:11:43.410 --> 00:12:01.860
Tracy Kuhrt: suggestions and and goals that people had in our first Poc meeting this year where we can possibly create some task forces. I did try to create a list of those I did have. Some people add to that list earlier in the week. And so

117
00:12:01.870 --> 00:12:06.140
Tracy Kuhrt: you could see the full list here of proposed task forces

118
00:12:06.160 --> 00:12:09.460
Tracy Kuhrt: that we're based on both our goals, discussions.

119
00:12:09.800 --> 00:12:13.489
Tracy Kuhrt: and other things that are ongoing in the

120
00:12:14.650 --> 00:12:22.729
Tracy Kuhrt: in the community. So I first wanted to start with a conversation about whether or not things look like

121
00:12:22.920 --> 00:12:26.019
Tracy Kuhrt: the right set of task forces. I don't think we can

122
00:12:26.100 --> 00:12:36.720
Tracy Kuhrt: obviously do all of them initially, but I think we can start with some of them, and then, as those close up. We can bring others on

123
00:12:36.740 --> 00:12:38.019
Tracy Kuhrt: to the list.

124
00:12:38.200 --> 00:12:43.679
Tracy Kuhrt: But I do want to see if, first of all, if there are others that we should be adding to this list.

125
00:12:43.990 --> 00:12:44.720
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

126
00:12:46.180 --> 00:12:54.359
Bobbi Muscara: Yeah, I was looking at the list all week and kind of thinking and trying to get a higher view, looking down on these task forces, and I kind of think

127
00:12:54.590 --> 00:13:08.070
Bobbi Muscara: the list we have when you start with the project best practices, I think out of that task force would flow the badging, the documentation, and possibly security, so that

128
00:13:08.400 --> 00:13:09.480
Bobbi Muscara: you would

129
00:13:09.780 --> 00:13:23.309
Bobbi Muscara: have the best practices and then possibly get badges for creating correct documentation guidelines. Again, the documentation would be a task force in and of itself, with the suggestions for the community to use.

130
00:13:23.470 --> 00:13:34.139
Bobbi Muscara: You know the best practices would be decided, and by task, force or whatever. But there would be a place where people would be able to go to see

131
00:13:34.160 --> 00:13:41.140
Bobbi Muscara: that everything for each project is badged, pro or, you know, awarded. The proper

132
00:13:41.640 --> 00:13:58.850
Bobbi Muscara: badging is the lack of better work, and I think that those 3 kind of can be tied together into one. And then I have comments on on boarding for later. But that's just for those 3 right there for me. It just seems like they are kind of in the same family

133
00:13:59.150 --> 00:14:00.240
Bobbi Muscara: comments.

134
00:14:00.450 --> 00:14:11.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Bobby, I I I agree with you. I think that project best practices is a very huge task force, and I do think we probably have to break it down into some sub task forces, because

135
00:14:11.930 --> 00:14:19.609
Tracy Kuhrt: I I still, I think, like the best practices for automated pipelines might forward to project best practices as well, right.

136
00:14:19.700 --> 00:14:25.640
Tracy Kuhrt: And and so you know, I I guess the question is, do we start with

137
00:14:25.930 --> 00:14:42.360
Tracy Kuhrt: trying to figure out what all the best practices are that we want the projects to focus on and then create some task forces around those, or do we work on what might be the smaller task forces around documentation and automated pipelines

138
00:14:42.510 --> 00:14:49.629
Tracy Kuhrt: and those feed up into the project Best practices task force at a later point.

139
00:14:49.850 --> 00:14:58.180
Tracy Kuhrt: And I I I mean, I understand. I think I have the same sort of question in my mind, and so I I don't know which way is the best.

140
00:14:58.310 --> 00:15:02.409
Tracy Kuhrt: Right. Is it breaking down the project best practices, or is it

141
00:15:02.610 --> 00:15:06.510
Tracy Kuhrt: building up the pro project? Best best practices, if you will?

142
00:15:12.490 --> 00:15:13.250
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh, no!

143
00:15:13.780 --> 00:15:20.539
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So for those of us who've been around for a while. You probably remember that

144
00:15:21.130 --> 00:15:26.459
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): the way we define task forces with something along the lines of something that is.

145
00:15:27.030 --> 00:15:37.089
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): you know that as a very fairly narrow scope with a clear mission that is expected to be delivered in a fairly

146
00:15:37.190 --> 00:15:39.909
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): bounded the time by night.

147
00:15:40.180 --> 00:15:45.150
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and so, for that reason, I do think it's better to have smaller

148
00:15:45.360 --> 00:15:48.009
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): scopes and like topics.

149
00:15:48.490 --> 00:15:53.519
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I I do think that you know best practices is too broad.

150
00:15:53.690 --> 00:15:54.530
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and

151
00:15:54.630 --> 00:15:57.880
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): or it would have to be something that.

152
00:15:57.940 --> 00:15:59.209
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): as you were saying.

153
00:15:59.700 --> 00:16:07.639
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): the goal of which it becomes like spawning off other smaller task forces that are more now refocused.

154
00:16:07.660 --> 00:16:10.530
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and and the experience shows that it's

155
00:16:10.670 --> 00:16:20.399
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): much more. You get a lot more momentum when you have a fairly well defined. Now the scope that you can execute on and deliver quickly

156
00:16:20.510 --> 00:16:27.680
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): because people get, you know you do get a boost that you know the satisfaction of having achieved something.

157
00:16:27.760 --> 00:16:34.229
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and and and then people are encouraged to participate in more task forces, because you get a sense of achievement

158
00:16:34.290 --> 00:16:47.249
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): rather than having some kind of really long winded the task force that just never seem to add, and it becomes much less obvious what you're achieving, and it can become.

159
00:16:51.170 --> 00:16:58.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I agree. I I put a link into the Task Force guide that we had created in the

160
00:16:58.310 --> 00:17:01.319
Tracy Kuhrt: the chat for this meeting.

161
00:17:01.460 --> 00:17:04.950
Tracy Kuhrt: and in that document it does talk about

162
00:17:05.010 --> 00:17:06.430
being.

163
00:17:06.500 --> 00:17:13.160
Tracy Kuhrt: The task Forces should last no longer than 6 months. As far as time to complete, they they have to have

164
00:17:13.349 --> 00:17:21.370
Tracy Kuhrt: the introduction, and of what the task force is, and the tasks that are to be completed in the deliverables or or the work product. Right?

165
00:17:21.400 --> 00:17:25.869
Tracy Kuhrt: So I I agree that we definitely want to make these things

166
00:17:26.099 --> 00:17:33.650
Tracy Kuhrt: smaller as far as what it is that we're trying to accomplish with each of these task forces. And if we were to

167
00:17:34.050 --> 00:17:41.100
Tracy Kuhrt: decide that the project best practices task force was something that we wanted to start with. Then it would.

168
00:17:42.350 --> 00:17:48.560
Tracy Kuhrt: It would definitely be a case where I think we we start with on list right? That's the

169
00:17:48.690 --> 00:17:55.499
Tracy Kuhrt: initial task that needs to be done. A list of what we believe these best practices are that we would include there.

170
00:17:55.620 --> 00:18:03.949
Tracy Kuhrt: And, Dave, I know you have your hand up. You were also the one to recommend that in the goal, so would appreciate your thoughts on this as well.

171
00:18:06.020 --> 00:18:07.929
David Enyeart: Yeah, Can you hear me?

172
00:18:08.390 --> 00:18:28.310
David Enyeart: Yeah. So my intention with that one was not to boil the ocean into all project best practices under that task force, but to pull together some of the existing information that's in various places, so that it's like a a one's top shopping place where people can see everything, and then also have a structure such that we can link to other things as they come in with these other task forces.

173
00:18:28.320 --> 00:18:34.919
David Enyeart: So I do see from that perspective it's kind of a focus thing just to pull together a structure of how we want to

174
00:18:35.210 --> 00:18:43.140
David Enyeart: expose stuff to the outside world. But then, yeah, there'll be a lot of open items that the other task forces will complete over time

175
00:18:47.920 --> 00:18:49.110
Tracy Kuhrt: all right this day.

176
00:18:55.120 --> 00:19:02.570
Tracy Kuhrt: And oh, no, I guess back to your point right about smaller task forces. That's also why the security has 2 separate

177
00:19:02.640 --> 00:19:06.939
Tracy Kuhrt: items that are listed there. I think even Hart had been talking about

178
00:19:07.000 --> 00:19:08.800
Tracy Kuhrt: trying to make those, you know.

179
00:19:09.130 --> 00:19:16.069
Tracy Kuhrt: discrete tasks that could be accomplished in the short timeframe that we would want from the task force so

180
00:19:16.140 --> 00:19:20.169
Tracy Kuhrt: completely agree that we want things that are smaller in nature

181
00:19:24.800 --> 00:19:28.729
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. If we could go back to the meeting record

182
00:19:29.160 --> 00:19:31.579
Tracy Kuhrt: so that people can take a look at these.

183
00:19:31.780 --> 00:19:36.950
Tracy Kuhrt: see if there's other ones that they think might be something that we want to include.

184
00:19:37.150 --> 00:19:39.340
or

185
00:19:39.850 --> 00:19:41.379
Tracy Kuhrt: possibly, you know.

186
00:19:41.420 --> 00:19:46.380
Tracy Kuhrt: have. If anybody has questions on kind of what we think, these task forces might be.

187
00:19:46.530 --> 00:19:48.899
Obviously that will be up to

188
00:19:49.030 --> 00:19:53.009
Tracy Kuhrt: the chair to really define that. But you know.

189
00:19:53.120 --> 00:19:58.550
Tracy Kuhrt: love to have any additional thoughts of other task forces that we might want to focus on short term.

190
00:20:01.920 --> 00:20:02.570
Tracy Kuhrt: John.

191
00:20:05.820 --> 00:20:13.900
John Carpenter: Yeah, thanks. I just wanted to comment on a little bit of you know where the learning materials Development working group is looking to go this year.

192
00:20:14.420 --> 00:20:22.459
John Carpenter: And so we've talked about focusing on the onboarding task force, which is, I think, the fifth item down there.

193
00:20:23.020 --> 00:20:32.349
John Carpenter: and really being able to get people who are interested in the hyper ledger ecosystem engaged, and being either contributors or

194
00:20:32.370 --> 00:20:33.740
John Carpenter: maintainers.

195
00:20:34.130 --> 00:20:39.679
John Carpenter: and then also looking at as part of that, delivering some educational content.

196
00:20:40.070 --> 00:20:52.009
John Carpenter: That would be a regular series of meetups that can be promoted by Hyper Ledger. That we can, you know, continue to go through and provide educational or instructional content.

197
00:20:52.090 --> 00:20:53.980
John Carpenter: And

198
00:20:54.120 --> 00:20:58.570
John Carpenter: also, you know, just look at continuing to focus on the

199
00:21:00.320 --> 00:21:13.139
John Carpenter: career fair that we've had for now 2 years in a row, and to make sure that that's on track for 2023, as well, so that'd be my only comments about task force this year.

200
00:21:14.910 --> 00:21:21.490
Tracy Kuhrt: So so, John, I I guess I have a question. So the onboarding, the education

201
00:21:21.610 --> 00:21:26.669
Tracy Kuhrt: pieces, those are distinct and separate task forces

202
00:21:26.820 --> 00:21:30.579
Tracy Kuhrt: that you are thinking about doing in the learning materials, working group.

203
00:21:31.050 --> 00:21:39.189
John Carpenter: Yes, and so the great thing is, Arun is on the call here, you know. He's done a great job of working on the start here.

204
00:21:39.300 --> 00:21:41.109
John Carpenter: that hyper ledger Org.

205
00:21:41.310 --> 00:21:47.800
John Carpenter: and you know, going ahead and collaborating with the run, and that team, and really continuing to build that out

206
00:21:47.860 --> 00:21:51.289
John Carpenter: also providing some resources that are

207
00:21:51.400 --> 00:21:54.779
John Carpenter: access to lot on the Hyper Ledger Org website.

208
00:21:54.880 --> 00:21:58.280
John Carpenter: So people know, you know really what's popular content.

209
00:21:58.330 --> 00:22:05.959
John Carpenter: and you know, making sure it's really a good onboarding experience. And if there are people that come to the community and want to get engaged.

210
00:22:06.000 --> 00:22:09.790
John Carpenter: you know, being able to really point him in the right direction and get him going quickly.

211
00:22:09.930 --> 00:22:11.840
John Carpenter: is the thing. And then

212
00:22:12.090 --> 00:22:20.559
John Carpenter: I've also been conferring with Jim Sullivan around doing these instructional content workshops.

213
00:22:20.590 --> 00:22:23.229
John Carpenter: and, you know, being able to have more

214
00:22:23.410 --> 00:22:33.999
John Carpenter: of you know the library that we can offer to the Hyper Ledger community around these instructional workshops and including them in the Hyper Ledger, Youtube Channel.

215
00:22:36.130 --> 00:22:36.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Go ahead.

216
00:22:37.210 --> 00:22:37.940
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

217
00:22:39.930 --> 00:22:41.710
Bobbi Muscara: I first. I want to

218
00:22:41.790 --> 00:22:52.649
Bobbi Muscara: just put it out there that John has stepped up to be the chair of the learning materials, working group and congratulations, and i'm so happy he's done that so hats off to to John for that

219
00:22:52.660 --> 00:23:06.919
Bobbi Muscara: I was thinking with the new task force for the Toc. That documentation, and on boarding become one of those I would gladly take a leadership role in that and work with John in a room to to make that happen.

220
00:23:06.980 --> 00:23:10.860
The onboarding definitely has to be

221
00:23:11.180 --> 00:23:26.250
Bobbi Muscara: parsed out a little bit. I think you have on boarding citizens on boarding developers, on boarding, sig chairs on boarding Maintainer and on boarding poc members. So there's definitely a lot of onboarding that needs to be talked about and

222
00:23:26.280 --> 00:23:35.699
Bobbi Muscara: determined. So again, those 2, John and I have, you know, worked well together, and we would gladly keep moving with those. So if anybody has any suggestions or

223
00:23:35.860 --> 00:23:44.870
Bobbi Muscara: information that they would like to help us, and I I think the badging process might come from some of the work in those 2 task forces.

224
00:23:47.360 --> 00:23:51.250
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, that's really interesting, Bobby. I think the

225
00:23:52.660 --> 00:24:01.189
Tracy Kuhrt: I want it to see if maybe I can edit this list because you had on boarding sync shares

226
00:24:01.520 --> 00:24:03.570
on boarding.

227
00:24:03.960 --> 00:24:05.910
Tracy Kuhrt: You see, members

228
00:24:06.630 --> 00:24:10.059
Bobbi Muscara: on boarding maintainers.

229
00:24:10.100 --> 00:24:14.230
Bobbi Muscara: maintainers on boarding developers.

230
00:24:15.030 --> 00:24:17.519
Bobbi Muscara: Okay, and citizens

231
00:24:18.250 --> 00:24:36.899
Bobbi Muscara: people like me, who my first year here just was involved in calls, going to meet ups scheduling, meet ups, creating meet ups. You know we're not develop. We're we're. But you know just people who want to be in the community. Yeah, community members is a good.

232
00:24:39.010 --> 00:24:42.080
Tracy Kuhrt: okay, Any other ones that I should include here.

233
00:24:46.260 --> 00:24:59.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. So I just I wanted to capture that because I do think, as you look at, or as we look at these task forces, we should, as our know mentioned right, make sure that these are distinct and and small enough to

234
00:24:59.980 --> 00:25:01.980
Tracy Kuhrt: to be covered

235
00:25:02.220 --> 00:25:05.220
Tracy Kuhrt: in the 6 month time period that we have

236
00:25:05.490 --> 00:25:07.160
Tracy Kuhrt: set up for task forces.

237
00:25:07.240 --> 00:25:08.989
So I appreciate you kinda

238
00:25:09.060 --> 00:25:11.039
Tracy Kuhrt: expanding those, if you will.

239
00:25:11.900 --> 00:25:12.600
Tracy Kuhrt: David.

240
00:25:14.710 --> 00:25:29.469
David Boswell: Thanks, Tracy, I plus one. I just wanted to plus one what both Bobby and John said, I totally agree that on Porting is a broad topic, so it's nice to we're clarifying what we're talking about. You're right, and the way we onboard. One of those groups is going to be different from the way we on board another. So that makes sense to me.

241
00:25:29.590 --> 00:25:45.369
David Boswell: I also think the task force structure is going to be a a better format for the work that people in the learning materials working group want to do than perhaps the working group model itself. So I I think this will be an interesting experience to see if the task force brings more people into those efforts.

242
00:25:45.530 --> 00:25:48.820
David Boswell: I also think it's great to try to combine those. I mean.

243
00:25:48.840 --> 00:26:08.280
David Boswell: I think we've already mentioned it. But you know, for example, the work that a run and the India chapter has done around start here has been great, and the word the learning materials working group has been doing has been great, too, but those have been separate efforts, you know. I think it's much better to have one combined effort at bringing new people into the community than having multiple ones. So i'm

244
00:26:08.290 --> 00:26:12.940
David Boswell: really excited that people seem interested in the onboarding task force, and then i'd i'd be happy to support all that.

245
00:26:14.970 --> 00:26:16.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, David.

246
00:26:18.690 --> 00:26:20.730
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think the

247
00:26:21.760 --> 00:26:23.399
Tracy Kuhrt: so. We talked about

248
00:26:23.630 --> 00:26:33.870
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of the project best practices, Steven, You had suggested the automated best or the best practices for the automated pipelines as a goal

249
00:26:33.960 --> 00:26:41.170
Tracy Kuhrt: to try and capture. So I I did include that here, hopefully that one is self explanatory to people.

250
00:26:41.290 --> 00:26:44.609
Tracy Kuhrt: But, Steven, did you just want to remind people of what you.

251
00:26:44.710 --> 00:26:47.260
Tracy Kuhrt: what you were thinking when you brought that up as a goal.

252
00:26:47.480 --> 00:26:54.780
Stephen Curran: Sure, we're doing a lot on in in the various projects we have on

253
00:26:54.830 --> 00:26:59.989
Stephen Curran: what I consider sort of reinventing and rediscovering what's the best way to

254
00:27:00.270 --> 00:27:17.929
Stephen Curran: produce artifacts where to produce them, and so on. It also goes back to what our no talked about last week, which is, you know, handling dependencies and things like that, looking for You know what tools we're using for making sure our artifacts we're producing are safe.

255
00:27:18.350 --> 00:27:23.709
Stephen Curran: So going through that we had a huge effort on Indy

256
00:27:23.790 --> 00:27:24.730
Stephen Curran: to

257
00:27:25.410 --> 00:27:31.200
Stephen Curran: basically redo what had been done, and it, you know, it was pretty expensive, but it was. It was

258
00:27:31.570 --> 00:27:42.509
Stephen Curran: very manual and and difficult to use, and in bringing it up to to current best practices. I think I think it's there, and and

259
00:27:42.630 --> 00:27:47.889
Stephen Curran: applying those would be very helpful. So that's that's sort of the idea about.

260
00:27:50.940 --> 00:27:51.710
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

261
00:27:52.970 --> 00:28:01.419
Tracy Kuhrt: Dave, I added. These 2 bullet points to the project best practices. I think those were what you had suggested as what

262
00:28:01.450 --> 00:28:04.700
Tracy Kuhrt: your intention was was to gather the current those practices

263
00:28:04.800 --> 00:28:06.680
Tracy Kuhrt: and determined gaps

264
00:28:06.730 --> 00:28:20.070
Tracy Kuhrt: that might exist, as did I capture that correctly, Dave. That looks good. Yeah. Okay. Great. So the badging life-site lifecycle one that exists here is one that

265
00:28:20.170 --> 00:28:24.000
Tracy Kuhrt: we have talked about multiple times in the last.

266
00:28:24.510 --> 00:28:28.920
Tracy Kuhrt: Well, I don't know. Probably ever since I started joining the Psc.

267
00:28:30.470 --> 00:28:37.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Where we're we're trying to figure out how people can best determine the status of projects

268
00:28:37.280 --> 00:28:56.090
Tracy Kuhrt: we've talked about potentially coming up with a number of different badges that people can make sure our current and and accurate. We've talked about, you know, is our life cycle the correct life cycle. Do we need to do anything to to change kind of the status of where projects are?

269
00:28:56.200 --> 00:28:58.549
Tracy Kuhrt: Do we need to have some sort of

270
00:28:58.890 --> 00:29:08.740
Tracy Kuhrt: yearly review cycle or or that sort of thing. And so I think this is a task force that I added specifically, because the governing board

271
00:29:08.760 --> 00:29:11.280
Tracy Kuhrt: had a discussion in December

272
00:29:11.320 --> 00:29:19.649
Tracy Kuhrt: regarding regarding this, and so I think it's something that they're sending back to us to take a another gut and see if we can get it

273
00:29:19.930 --> 00:29:24.459
Tracy Kuhrt: right this year or not. So that's what that one is all about

274
00:29:24.510 --> 00:29:32.529
Tracy Kuhrt: the documentation task force. I think there was some comments in our initial meeting about

275
00:29:32.840 --> 00:29:34.030
Tracy Kuhrt: the

276
00:29:35.290 --> 00:29:36.879
Tracy Kuhrt: one where we

277
00:29:37.390 --> 00:29:45.579
Tracy Kuhrt: store our documentation and to the format of our documentation, and making them more consistent across the board.

278
00:29:47.310 --> 00:29:58.950
Tracy Kuhrt: An and so I think that is what that particular task force is all about. Does anybody have any additional items that they remember from from the documentation?

279
00:29:59.080 --> 00:30:00.010
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh, Bobby.

280
00:30:00.620 --> 00:30:25.389
Bobbi Muscara: Yeah, I worked with that with one of the community members, Ben, and he did a great job. We just really don't know where to put it. It was more suggestions. And again, I know that it needs to be updated and needs to be looked at. But there was great momentum on that, just to make it easier for maintainers and developers to transfer their github stuff into

281
00:30:26.150 --> 00:30:44.259
Bobbi Muscara: a you, not a uniform, but an accepted hyper ledger format with a lot of leeway for them to pick. You know their own styles and stuff, but just to give them some basic guidelines. So I think that that was one piece of the documentation task force, and then the other, where I think there might be

282
00:30:44.610 --> 00:30:56.739
Bobbi Muscara: another opportunity, is with the documentation, almost like a hyper ledger library for people to go, and you know, not research, but look up. And yeah, research, actually

283
00:30:56.790 --> 00:30:59.900
Bobbi Muscara: information that is available to the community.

284
00:31:01.200 --> 00:31:01.950
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay?

285
00:31:02.280 --> 00:31:03.450
Tracy Kuhrt: And Steven.

286
00:31:03.810 --> 00:31:13.789
Stephen Curran: Yeah, I was gonna add that a a bunch of the documentation challenge is the tooling involved in in publishing a decent.

287
00:31:15.400 --> 00:31:21.150
Stephen Curran: The putting the documentation into a a format accessible to

288
00:31:21.330 --> 00:31:27.930
Stephen Curran: the set of onboarding people that are listed below, and so common tooling for doing that, and just

289
00:31:28.130 --> 00:31:32.170
Stephen Curran: being able to spin up a repo, and have.

290
00:31:32.590 --> 00:31:44.570
Stephen Curran: you know, all of these things like the best practices for automated pipelines, but also documentation there. So it's more a checklist, and and and the ideas are already there of how to do it.

291
00:31:44.760 --> 00:31:50.510
Stephen Curran: Read these to me, read these, and and mark down files or

292
00:31:50.930 --> 00:31:59.609
Stephen Curran: so 2,018, and we have to get up to 23, and that means actually publishing these out to a more accessible in a more accessible way.

293
00:32:09.920 --> 00:32:10.550
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

294
00:32:10.910 --> 00:32:12.090
right?

295
00:32:13.080 --> 00:32:18.840
Ry Jones: One thing that we could do is Github does have

296
00:32:19.550 --> 00:32:20.900
Ry Jones: template repose.

297
00:32:21.700 --> 00:32:23.600
Ry Jones: So it would be.

298
00:32:23.790 --> 00:32:25.040
Ry Jones: It's possible

299
00:32:25.580 --> 00:32:26.580
Ry Jones: to

300
00:32:26.800 --> 00:32:32.350
Ry Jones: have a, you know. Have a repo that's a template that contains all of that.

301
00:32:33.580 --> 00:32:34.660
Ry Jones: and

302
00:32:35.300 --> 00:32:37.290
Ry Jones: you know it might

303
00:32:37.410 --> 00:32:44.280
Ry Jones: be overkill in some cases, because the first commit would be someone from the community immediately removing all the stuff that doesn't matter.

304
00:32:44.990 --> 00:32:46.689
Ry Jones: I don't have a strong feeling about it.

305
00:32:48.660 --> 00:32:49.390
Ry Jones: but

306
00:32:51.690 --> 00:32:54.489
Ry Jones: you know it it is. It is something that's available.

307
00:32:56.390 --> 00:32:57.070
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

308
00:32:57.360 --> 00:32:58.180
Tracy Kuhrt: thanks, Chris.

309
00:33:03.480 --> 00:33:04.289
Tracy Kuhrt: All right.

310
00:33:04.480 --> 00:33:05.590
Marcus.

311
00:33:06.680 --> 00:33:19.529
Marcus Brandenburger: So when I think about documentation. So sometimes as a if I go to some documentations of several projects, so sometimes the scope of the documentation, I think it's not really clear, and maybe

312
00:33:19.540 --> 00:33:33.220
Marcus Brandenburger: it depends on the lack of some guidelines to define. Okay, what should be in a good documentation for operators, for end users for just people who would like to get the the gist of a project.

313
00:33:33.340 --> 00:33:41.070
Marcus Brandenburger: But the documentation for a new contributor to project a new developer should maybe look completely different.

314
00:33:41.440 --> 00:33:42.380
Marcus Brandenburger: And

315
00:33:42.440 --> 00:33:44.079
Marcus Brandenburger: so I think there.

316
00:33:44.200 --> 00:33:51.280
Marcus Brandenburger: yeah, maybe some guidance on how to define certain scopes or the audience

317
00:33:51.370 --> 00:33:52.899
Marcus Brandenburger: would be helpful.

318
00:33:54.910 --> 00:33:55.560
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

319
00:33:56.320 --> 00:33:56.940
Tracy Kuhrt: great.

320
00:33:59.550 --> 00:34:07.630
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So moving down here to the supported project. So in the latest version of the charter.

321
00:34:07.790 --> 00:34:11.850
Tracy Kuhrt: we introduced a concept called supported projects.

322
00:34:11.909 --> 00:34:14.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Supported projects are

323
00:34:14.670 --> 00:34:20.909
Tracy Kuhrt: those that have separate technical oversight, pursuant to a separate technical charter.

324
00:34:21.219 --> 00:34:26.210
Tracy Kuhrt: and those projects are called supported projects in the Charter.

325
00:34:26.370 --> 00:34:35.619
Tracy Kuhrt: 1 one of the things that we need to do is find all of the places where we need to update documentation

326
00:34:36.159 --> 00:34:39.979
Tracy Kuhrt: of how we would deal with a supportive project

327
00:34:40.110 --> 00:34:42.239
from the Technical Oversight Committee.

328
00:34:42.280 --> 00:34:47.650
Tracy Kuhrt: For example, do we require quarterly reports from supported projects?

329
00:34:47.880 --> 00:34:55.000
Tracy Kuhrt: What do we do when a incubated or a a new project? Proposal comes in for incubation.

330
00:34:55.120 --> 00:34:57.759
Tracy Kuhrt: and we would

331
00:34:58.730 --> 00:35:00.479
Tracy Kuhrt: be reviewing that

332
00:35:00.670 --> 00:35:02.610
as far as

333
00:35:02.770 --> 00:35:13.980
Tracy Kuhrt: the project that's coming in like, is there anything that we have to do to the lifecycle documentation, that sort of thing. Who's ever scrolling it at the very top in the very first section.

334
00:35:14.100 --> 00:35:18.220
Tracy Kuhrt: It's the very last par paragraph of the section

335
00:35:18.370 --> 00:35:32.710
Tracy Kuhrt: talks about supported projects. So those are the sorts of things that I was thinking about for that particular task force. It's just understanding what that truly means for us, as we now have those as part of the charter, and

336
00:35:32.740 --> 00:35:40.539
Tracy Kuhrt: might expect to see some of those projects coming in. It would be good if we have an idea of how we want to handle those before they actually show up.

337
00:35:42.170 --> 00:35:47.500
Tracy Kuhrt: So yeah, that's what that particular task force was intended to represent.

338
00:35:48.100 --> 00:35:53.369
Tracy Kuhrt: And then I think the the last to our security task forces

339
00:35:55.330 --> 00:36:02.909
Tracy Kuhrt: or no hard. I don't know if one of you want to talk about these from the perspective of what exactly. You were thinking here.

340
00:36:08.280 --> 00:36:11.020
Hart Montgomery: I'm happy to talk or no. Do you want to talk?

341
00:36:12.090 --> 00:36:17.170
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): No, it's all right. Go ahead. But so that's why I was. Paul said, You go first.

342
00:36:17.790 --> 00:36:25.079
Jim Zhang: Oh, no, I just. I was still a little puzzled about this concept of this supported project. Maybe

343
00:36:25.220 --> 00:36:27.639
Jim Zhang: someone can give an example.

344
00:36:31.940 --> 00:36:35.360
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think the the example is, let's say we have a

345
00:36:35.450 --> 00:36:40.499
Tracy Kuhrt: project that already has a brand associated with it.

346
00:36:41.010 --> 00:36:45.960
Tracy Kuhrt: but they want to bring their source space into Hyper ledger.

347
00:36:45.980 --> 00:36:53.709
Tracy Kuhrt: They want to basically be whatever project name a a hyper ledger project instead of Hyper ledger

348
00:36:54.010 --> 00:37:01.440
Tracy Kuhrt: project name. And this is a supportive project they have. They will have their own technical charter

349
00:37:01.520 --> 00:37:18.310
Tracy Kuhrt: that they will work under and beyond that i'm not sure that I can actually give you much more information about how that's going to work within Hyper Ledger, because we don't have it, and that's why I think this task force is is really important is to really try and understand.

350
00:37:18.380 --> 00:37:23.899
Tracy Kuhrt: What would that look like for us as a project comes in? How do we approve that project?

351
00:37:24.130 --> 00:37:30.360
Tracy Kuhrt: What's what additional steps would need to be taken to make sure that project is remaining healthy.

352
00:37:30.440 --> 00:37:35.309
Tracy Kuhrt: and that there's nothing that we would want to do from a a to.

353
00:37:35.820 --> 00:37:42.039
Jim Zhang: So that's like hosting it. But not only it is that the right way to understand it.

354
00:37:42.970 --> 00:37:47.789
Jim Zhang: so the Source code will be hosted in hyperbolic repositories, but we Don't

355
00:37:48.110 --> 00:37:52.169
Jim Zhang: Hyper Ledger does a quote unquote own that

356
00:37:52.980 --> 00:38:00.609
Jim Zhang: the copyright of it, or the license of it, like we do with the regular projects.

357
00:38:01.770 --> 00:38:06.030
Tracy Kuhrt: I believe that's correct, Daniela. Any thoughts on that.

358
00:38:06.500 --> 00:38:10.490
Tracy Kuhrt: any additional ideas you can add beyond what

359
00:38:12.310 --> 00:38:13.440
Tracy Kuhrt: has been said

360
00:38:14.870 --> 00:38:19.499
Tracy Kuhrt: our heart, I don't know if what if you have a thought. To add to this.

361
00:38:23.640 --> 00:38:39.589
Tracy Kuhrt: Can you repeat the question, please? I apologize.

362
00:38:39.600 --> 00:38:45.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Projects that we would consider hosted by Harper Ledger, but not necessarily owned by a hyper ledger, or

363
00:38:46.650 --> 00:38:54.790
Tracy Kuhrt: you know we're we're trying to understand them better, I guess, in this context. Yeah, they would be part of the Hyper Ledger foundation.

364
00:38:56.930 --> 00:39:01.740
Daniela Barbosa: So they would be, you know, governed under the

365
00:39:01.860 --> 00:39:02.729
Daniela Barbosa: talk.

366
00:39:03.500 --> 00:39:06.819
Daniela Barbosa: but have their own project charters if they so do wish.

367
00:39:06.970 --> 00:39:20.940
Daniela Barbosa: and the same, you know, governance and support project services, etc., that we have today for a hyper ledger. Xxx project would be applied in the same way.

368
00:39:23.520 --> 00:39:25.390
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So what is the key difference?

369
00:39:25.820 --> 00:39:29.149
Daniela Barbosa: The key difference is that they don't need to have

370
00:39:29.180 --> 00:39:31.680
Daniela Barbosa: the name Hyper Ledger in front of their name.

371
00:39:36.220 --> 00:39:40.210
Daniela Barbosa: It's a marketing. It's a marketing thing more than anything else.

372
00:39:42.390 --> 00:40:00.509
Jim Zhang: Okay, and, Daniel, the fact that it's still governed by Toc. Does that mean how they elect maintainers? How that community grows would still follow.

373
00:40:00.520 --> 00:40:11.670
Daniela Barbosa: As you know Hyper Ledger Firefly Project the same way that you know the maintainers are selected. The processes within that project are selected.

374
00:40:11.770 --> 00:40:14.950
Daniela Barbosa: It's the same thing. Maintainers are kings here

375
00:40:15.610 --> 00:40:16.700
Daniela Barbosa: and Queens

376
00:40:17.950 --> 00:40:18.859
Gotcha.

377
00:40:19.300 --> 00:40:20.279
Jim Zhang: Thanks.

378
00:40:28.180 --> 00:40:30.269
Daniela Barbosa: Traces of that address. The question.

379
00:40:31.280 --> 00:40:35.409
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think so, although I still think there's a bit of

380
00:40:35.530 --> 00:40:40.309
Tracy Kuhrt: just confusion about what a separate technical charter truly means.

381
00:40:40.690 --> 00:40:44.229
Tracy Kuhrt: you know. And you know, is there anything that's going to

382
00:40:44.790 --> 00:41:00.009
Tracy Kuhrt: need to be a a concern for this poc and the sort of processes that we currently have around, you know. Would we expect these projects in projects to still report to the I mean, based on what you said, it sounds like yes.

383
00:41:00.190 --> 00:41:04.840
Tracy Kuhrt: and so maybe there's not really any changes that have to occur here. But I just

384
00:41:05.000 --> 00:41:05.899
Tracy Kuhrt: I feel like

385
00:41:06.600 --> 00:41:07.879
when

386
00:41:07.950 --> 00:41:12.080
Tracy Kuhrt: when we looked at the the technical charter that was created.

387
00:41:14.650 --> 00:41:20.229
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, for the a non credits project that I don't know if we got rid of at this point

388
00:41:20.320 --> 00:41:27.439
Tracy Kuhrt: I. I just feel like there were some concerns around what was stated in there, and the way in which it

389
00:41:27.770 --> 00:41:32.350
Tracy Kuhrt: potentially conflict it with the Hyper Ledger charter and the toc processes.

390
00:41:33.280 --> 00:41:36.949
Daniela Barbosa: It's got his hand up. I'll let him address that part.

391
00:41:37.570 --> 00:41:40.980
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, Tracy, you're You're totally right. That

392
00:41:41.460 --> 00:42:00.949
Hart Montgomery: the suggested charter that we thought about using for a non-credit was was not workable. But in response to the project, charters like one thing we want to encourage projects to do is to have more documentation about things like how maintainers are promoted, how releases are handled.

393
00:42:01.100 --> 00:42:04.520
Hart Montgomery: You know what policies, you know.

394
00:42:04.730 --> 00:42:06.870
Hart Montgomery: Does the project sort of use

395
00:42:07.010 --> 00:42:10.360
Hart Montgomery: all of this stuff that would sort of be in a charter document.

396
00:42:10.410 --> 00:42:15.630
Hart Montgomery: So one of the things we want to do is to to encourage projects to to document and have this.

397
00:42:15.850 --> 00:42:19.229
Hart Montgomery: and while this isn't exactly a charter.

398
00:42:19.270 --> 00:42:29.420
Hart Montgomery: it is sort of in the same vein and spirit. So we think that if we sort of encourage projects to to have stuff like this. It won't be too different

399
00:42:29.460 --> 00:42:35.270
Hart Montgomery: from, you know. A supported project having its own charter in the long run.

400
00:42:35.410 --> 00:42:36.620
Hart Montgomery: Does that make sense

401
00:42:40.490 --> 00:42:43.450
Tracy Kuhrt: makes sense for me hard? I

402
00:42:44.590 --> 00:42:45.779
Tracy Kuhrt: I think I get it.

403
00:42:48.080 --> 00:43:06.539
Jim Zhang: Not sure everybody else does. But Jim did it. Yeah, so maybe the last question for me that that that that'll help me the the need for creating this new type of project is it to allow a rather mature community to come into high pleasure, but

404
00:43:06.550 --> 00:43:15.030
Jim Zhang: maintain their own brand. That was basically why we need this, because it sounds like everything is the same.

405
00:43:15.150 --> 00:43:24.579
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, that's one thing, you know. Another thing is we have. We've talked to projects that might be interested in coming into the Linux foundation.

406
00:43:24.650 --> 00:43:26.569
Hart Montgomery: but

407
00:43:26.750 --> 00:43:33.520
Hart Montgomery: they, you know they don't have enough, say you know, funding or whatever to become their own top-level project.

408
00:43:33.730 --> 00:43:40.730
Hart Montgomery: and you know they're they're related to blockchain, but they're not, you know, specifically blockchain right.

409
00:43:40.890 --> 00:43:43.909
Hart Montgomery: you know. For instance, if you had a project

410
00:43:43.950 --> 00:43:58.019
Hart Montgomery: that was, you know, exclusively focused on 0 knowledge proofs right, you know. Hyper Ledger might be a good home. But you might not want to market that, as you know, specific or exclusive, to blockchain right? Because there are a lot of different other applications.

411
00:43:58.220 --> 00:44:02.709
Hart Montgomery: So so that's sort of the another scenario we were thinking about.

412
00:44:02.800 --> 00:44:07.350
Hart Montgomery: In addition to the branding one which you correctly bring up as an important one

413
00:44:10.240 --> 00:44:11.709
Jim Zhang: that helps. Thanks.

414
00:44:16.850 --> 00:44:22.600
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So back to the security task forces that are listed here.

415
00:44:23.120 --> 00:44:28.169
Tracy Kuhrt: And then I don't know who who won the the fight there was there on our heart.

416
00:44:30.290 --> 00:44:41.309
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I can talk about it. It's okay. As a side note. I had a side conversation with with H, and I think he's suffering from the same.

417
00:44:41.540 --> 00:44:58.109
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): How to call that like a challenge that I used to have. And you know I used to encourage Why, to speak up on the Tsc. Calls You felt like well, as a staff member, it wasn't for him to speak up, and I think we have a lot more to gain

418
00:44:58.120 --> 00:45:05.330
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): from ending those guys participate actively, they not? And so I've been saying, they said to Hart.

419
00:45:05.340 --> 00:45:21.349
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): since you know he especially he was a tech or Tsc. Member, and we benefited from a lot of his participation over the years, and I think he'd be ashamed that now, because he's on the staff side, he just becomes quiet all the time. So

420
00:45:21.360 --> 00:45:33.699
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): with that saying, Sorry hot to put you on the spot. But I hope this way. You know it clears things out, you know, if anybody disagrees with you. But I would I'd be very surprised. Speak anyway.

421
00:45:33.820 --> 00:45:51.410
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): But so on this very point. The disclosure is what I've talked about before, which has to do with you know the openness as as published. Best practice guide, kind of thing that describes pretty

422
00:45:51.440 --> 00:46:08.909
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): pretty in in pretty great details the kind of processes open source projects should have in place the kind of documentation they should have in place to handle Vin. Everything disclosures we bought from security researchers, for instance.

423
00:46:08.920 --> 00:46:25.329
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and the process how to how you get into the actual dialogue, the communication, the protocol you should follow to to handle the those reports and the security researchers who, you know, by the way, are not the always.

424
00:46:26.010 --> 00:46:28.339
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): They're easy to deal with.

425
00:46:28.380 --> 00:46:38.889
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Let's just put it this way. And so this task force is about looking at the very specific aspect of adopting this broadly within Hyper ledger.

426
00:46:39.100 --> 00:46:41.970
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): making sure you know, develop your policy

427
00:46:42.110 --> 00:46:47.669
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): as to what that actually means to implement this across the board for the project to have.

428
00:46:47.850 --> 00:46:49.009
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So how about that?

429
00:46:51.270 --> 00:46:55.879
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): And if there's any question about this, otherwise I can talk about this on one.

430
00:46:57.170 --> 00:47:00.580
Hart Montgomery: maybe, at your urging I'll jump in here or no.

431
00:47:00.630 --> 00:47:02.460
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): so

432
00:47:02.490 --> 00:47:09.090
Hart Montgomery: you know, as all of you know, or many of You know, Arnold is heavily involved with the open Ssf.

433
00:47:09.260 --> 00:47:13.630
Hart Montgomery: And you know they have a lot of nice tools.

434
00:47:13.760 --> 00:47:20.419
Hart Montgomery: But one thing that we really noticed was that they didn't have, you know, a fantastic template

435
00:47:20.530 --> 00:47:23.880
Hart Montgomery: for a vulnerability disclosure process.

436
00:47:23.990 --> 00:47:29.169
Hart Montgomery: So what we'd like to do with the task force is to write.

437
00:47:29.720 --> 00:47:31.369
Hart Montgomery: You know default.

438
00:47:31.700 --> 00:47:33.919
Hart Montgomery: vulnerability.

439
00:47:34.100 --> 00:47:37.820
Hart Montgomery: disclosure processes for hyper ledger projects

440
00:47:38.000 --> 00:47:46.109
Hart Montgomery: that you know projects could use, and maybe we have one. Maybe we have a couple. But the idea is, we would have a

441
00:47:46.170 --> 00:47:59.639
Hart Montgomery: defaults template for vulnerability disclosure processes and says that it says, you know. And the the idea is, basically do this unless you know you know what you're doing, and you have good reasons to do otherwise.

442
00:47:59.860 --> 00:48:08.859
Hart Montgomery: So you know I went to the Open Ssf working group on vulnerability disclosures yesterday. Arnold was also there.

443
00:48:08.920 --> 00:48:18.360
Hart Montgomery: They don't have this in quite the detail that they want yet, or that we want yet, or they want, and they're actually willing to work with us on this.

444
00:48:18.460 --> 00:48:36.070
Hart Montgomery: So if we come back and say, hey, you know, can you help us with this? They've already said they would say yes, and we can push whatever outputs that we have, you know, as examples to the open Ssf: so you know we can sort of be like the

445
00:48:36.080 --> 00:48:47.049
Hart Montgomery: you know the umbrella project, you know, for this, and you know, I think this this would be a a really good collaboration that could help both us

446
00:48:47.150 --> 00:48:49.279
Hart Montgomery: and the open Ssf.

447
00:48:50.980 --> 00:48:54.600
Hart Montgomery: You know, and and looking ahead, we also

448
00:48:54.740 --> 00:48:58.849
Hart Montgomery: want to do something similar for the 6 store.

449
00:48:58.950 --> 00:49:03.489
Hart Montgomery: which is the next topic. But i'll, you know i'll stop for now.

450
00:49:03.620 --> 00:49:06.010
Hart Montgomery: are there any sort of questions on this?

451
00:49:07.990 --> 00:49:15.080
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yeah, just I will add on this declar disclosure thing that you were just talking about. Essentially the document they publish

452
00:49:15.210 --> 00:49:25.709
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): describes the process and tell you you need to publish your process, but they didn't go as far as actually giving you a template that you can just stop from

453
00:49:25.730 --> 00:49:33.920
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): to to say. Okay, this is where we're into published, and maybe we need to make some adjustment, and that's what to what has been talking about.

454
00:49:36.220 --> 00:49:38.560
Hart Montgomery: Exactly. Thanks for the clarification.

455
00:49:39.110 --> 00:49:54.350
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): So the the the last point on the Security artifact signing it has to do with this notion of, You know, a a big problem that you know we have today. There's all sorts of

456
00:49:54.810 --> 00:50:10.049
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): artifacts, and this is meant to be very inclusive, but it refers to, you know, any kind of piece of software whether that container images with it. They are packages, you know, like a node, the Gs package or something.

457
00:50:10.190 --> 00:50:11.160
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and

458
00:50:11.260 --> 00:50:19.199
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): we include those with that much verification as to the providence of those packages, and

459
00:50:19.380 --> 00:50:26.759
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): there is a series of tools now that are being developed to help with the process of

460
00:50:26.810 --> 00:50:42.750
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): first signing those things, and then be able to verify those signatures when you on the consumer side. So, since we all produce in the Hyper major projects, artifacts such as container images and binaries.

461
00:50:42.970 --> 00:50:54.449
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): we should get into the process of signing all those artifacts, using some of the tools that are now available, they all open source they are free to use.

462
00:50:54.550 --> 00:51:11.080
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): There are, you know, infrastructures in place with servers that are for free to use that we can leverage for that purpose. So I think that's a kind of a low hanging fruit that we should. That is a best practice that we should definitely

463
00:51:11.440 --> 00:51:14.749
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): stopped doing implementing and I for later.

464
00:51:19.450 --> 00:51:20.020
Okay.

465
00:51:20.320 --> 00:51:21.879
Tracy Kuhrt: thanks. I know for that.

466
00:51:22.060 --> 00:51:33.849
Tracy Kuhrt: So now that we understand what all of these different task forces are Are there others that people think we've missed, or that we should potentially also include in our list to prioritize

467
00:51:44.140 --> 00:51:44.740
Tracy Kuhrt: part

468
00:51:49.940 --> 00:51:51.200
Tracy Kuhrt: part. You're on mute.

469
00:51:52.320 --> 00:51:54.819
Hart Montgomery: I am on mute. Thank you so much.

470
00:51:55.130 --> 00:52:01.460
Hart Montgomery: Do you know, if we could start jotting down people who are interested in the the task forces, it might be a good idea

471
00:52:01.700 --> 00:52:03.919
Hart Montgomery: if we, you know.

472
00:52:03.960 --> 00:52:11.140
Hart Montgomery: if if we keep track of you know, whoever is suggesting the task force might be an excellent person to lead the task force.

473
00:52:13.160 --> 00:52:22.380
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah. So I think, given the timing that we have, just noticing that we're about 5 min out from the end of this one.

474
00:52:22.550 --> 00:52:28.889
Tracy Kuhrt: My thought was that we should do similar to what we did last year, where we voted

475
00:52:28.930 --> 00:52:35.589
Tracy Kuhrt: to express interest in these, to see which one we which ones we might address. First.

476
00:52:36.130 --> 00:52:38.980
Tracy Kuhrt: as I see

477
00:52:39.020 --> 00:52:42.440
different task forces that we want to focus on, and then.

478
00:52:43.620 --> 00:52:45.060
Tracy Kuhrt: you know, from there.

479
00:52:45.220 --> 00:52:53.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, maybe the the right lead is the one who initially suggested it, or somebody else wants to step up and actually need that task force.

480
00:52:56.490 --> 00:53:00.279
Hart Montgomery: So how does that sound? Great sounds like a good plan. Thank you.

481
00:53:01.190 --> 00:53:07.049
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So my intent then would be to in the Tsc. Channel.

482
00:53:07.120 --> 00:53:11.639
Tracy Kuhrt: create a a poll similar to what we did the pool, for

483
00:53:11.780 --> 00:53:16.280
Tracy Kuhrt: where we should put the Github project reports.

484
00:53:16.560 --> 00:53:17.580
Tracy Kuhrt: and then

485
00:53:18.690 --> 00:53:24.360
Tracy Kuhrt: before next week, I want everybody to vote. Let's say, vote for your top 4

486
00:53:24.430 --> 00:53:30.799
Tracy Kuhrt: in in what it is that you think is the most interesting and the ones that you want to prioritize for

487
00:53:30.850 --> 00:53:35.210
Tracy Kuhrt: the start of this year, then we'll expect that the other ones

488
00:53:35.240 --> 00:53:39.630
Tracy Kuhrt: we'll revisit in the second half of the year.

489
00:53:39.710 --> 00:53:43.010
Tracy Kuhrt: As we move forward. So

490
00:53:43.180 --> 00:53:45.509
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah, any thoughts or comments on that.

491
00:53:46.980 --> 00:53:51.779
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yeah, we see. I mean, does that imply? I mean, when we use it for

492
00:53:51.980 --> 00:53:53.299
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): people

493
00:53:53.360 --> 00:53:57.910
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): expressing an interest to participate in those task force as well. Right?

494
00:53:58.770 --> 00:54:00.560
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, for sure, for sure.

495
00:54:00.670 --> 00:54:15.469
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Because if he's just saying, yeah, yeah, you should. You guys should do that. But don't count on me to do it. The I. You know we might have things that get voted high, and we don't have actually enough people to do it. Then it's not very helpful.

496
00:54:16.000 --> 00:54:16.729
So

497
00:54:18.880 --> 00:54:20.739
Ry Jones: would it be more?

498
00:54:20.830 --> 00:54:25.090
Ry Jones: Would this be better served as issues on the Toc. Repo.

499
00:54:27.600 --> 00:54:29.720
Ry Jones: Because we can't really comment on polls.

500
00:54:33.370 --> 00:54:36.079
Tracy Kuhrt: Sure, we can definitely do that, and a

501
00:54:36.430 --> 00:54:39.829
Tracy Kuhrt: thumbs up on the issue. If you're interested in it.

502
00:54:42.100 --> 00:54:46.429
Ry Jones: Yeah, or a comment, or whatever Say, I would like to share this or something.

503
00:54:46.630 --> 00:54:52.219
Tracy Kuhrt: Exactly, yeah, definitely would love to have the people stand up to to be chairs.

504
00:54:52.550 --> 00:54:53.359
Tracy Kuhrt: That'd be great.

505
00:54:55.250 --> 00:54:58.289
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. So then I will create

506
00:54:58.460 --> 00:55:04.450
Tracy Kuhrt: the issues for these. I'll send out a message to the Tsu Chat and ask you to

507
00:55:04.540 --> 00:55:09.439
Tracy Kuhrt: vote. Slash, comment on the the ones that you want to participate in

508
00:55:15.400 --> 00:55:16.149
Tracy Kuhrt: your promo.

509
00:55:16.800 --> 00:55:18.450
Ramakrishna V: Yeah, sorry.

510
00:55:18.660 --> 00:55:34.410
Ramakrishna V: Since the last Agf. Been considering, creating an interoperability task force. But we have other activities going on in probability, around the world, including trying for a having a working group under the it. So

511
00:55:34.420 --> 00:55:39.599
Ramakrishna V: can I think about this further, and add to this list later or this list is going to be settings. Don't know

512
00:55:41.150 --> 00:55:49.700
Tracy Kuhrt: no definitely. If If there's ever a task force that anybody thinks is something that we should focus on, we can always add those

513
00:55:49.750 --> 00:55:56.030
Tracy Kuhrt: we do have that task force process. So I think, where it actually suggests creating an issue

514
00:55:56.110 --> 00:55:58.990
Tracy Kuhrt: in the Tsc.

515
00:55:59.570 --> 00:56:03.160
Tracy Kuhrt: Issue Tracker. So that's probably a a really good way to

516
00:56:03.600 --> 00:56:04.419
Tracy Kuhrt: deal with that?

517
00:56:05.240 --> 00:56:06.270
Ramakrishna V: Sure. Thanks.

518
00:56:13.380 --> 00:56:18.349
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. Any other comments or questions before we close out the meeting.

519
00:56:32.420 --> 00:56:33.040
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

520
00:56:33.340 --> 00:56:39.709
Tracy Kuhrt: So then, with that we will close out for today. Thank you for the discussion and the

521
00:56:39.850 --> 00:56:43.910
information on what each of these task forces should be in the

522
00:56:44.020 --> 00:56:47.829
Tracy Kuhrt: expansion of those task forces as well.

523
00:56:47.930 --> 00:56:49.640
Tracy Kuhrt: So have a great week. Everybody.

524
00:56:53.500 --> 00:56:55.310
David Enyeart: thank you, bye. Thank you.

