1. [Hyperledger Quilt (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Quilt (EOL)](22446088.html)
3. [Archives](Archives_22447258.html)

# Hyperledger Quilt (EOL) : Quilt Reboot

Created by Silona Bonewald, last modified on Feb 06, 2019

# Basic Premise:

We want to fast track this so there will be one meeting a week starting on Feb 13th.  I will record the meetings and post them here as well as the agenda and notes so others can follow along.

[Open Calendar Invite listed here-](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings) sign up for all events here!

# First Meeting: Wednesday, February 13⋅7:00 – 8:00am pacific time

### Topic:

Let's all just intro ourselves.  There are many here and it will give us a good scope of where people's interests might lie.

People involved (Please add yourself to the [Quilt Reboot Participants](Quilt-Reboot-Participants_22447261.html) page!)

[Agenda and Notes from Meetin](2019-02-13-Meeting-notes_22446695.html)g

# Second Meeting: Wednesday, February 20⋅7:00 – 8:00am pacific time

### Topic:

Intro the Architecture WG to the group and chat about "What is Interoperability?" Start discussion about Use Cases for the White paper [Architecture WG's Interoperability White Paper](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16bwxgnJ-mOQ6Vp_eCo0vXhLF3uMzhJ6dV8ZxiVbTZYA/edit)

Agenda is here

Notes from Meeting

# Third Meeting: Wednesday, February 27⋅7:00 – 8:00am pacific time

### Topic:

Proposals of pieces that different groups might like to own and why.  We start work on a Gliffy diagram and a possible Roadmap on the wiki.  We also circle back around to who has Use Cases for the Interop white paper and how that is going.

Agenda is here

Notes from Meeting

# Four Meeting: Wednesday, March 20⋅7:00 – 8:00am pacific time

### Topic:

Hopefully, there was a lot of EMAIL and wiki discussions here on those proposals.  And we need to get final sign-off as a group.  We begin our rough draft of the reboot proposal to the TSC. Let's also talk about infra needed such as new chat channels?, New repos, different maintainer hierarchy on repos? Contributor to maintainer process? Are any of these labs instead? Do we need hashtags for the mailing list?  Any wiki restructuring of this space or others?

Agenda is here

Notes from Meeting

# Fifth Meeting: Wednesday, March 27⋅7:00 – 8:00am pacific time

Let's wrap it all up to the TSC and put a Bow on it.

Agenda is here

Notes from Meeting

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
