1. [Developer Relations](index.html)
2. [Developer Relations](Developer-Relations_17170434.html)
3. [/dev/weekly Newsletter](17170445.html)
4. [2023](2023_17171809.html)

# Developer Relations : 10/9

Created by David Boswell, last modified by Sean Bohan on Oct 12, 2023

![](attachments/17170434/17171308.png?height=169)

#### Announcements

The Hyperledger Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) is responsible for oversight of the Hyperledger Foundation technical communities and is made up of community members who are elected on a yearly basis.  This year's Hyperledger Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) election will happen from November 1 to 14, 2023.  We encourage any maintainer of a Hyperledger project or lab to consider nominating themselves if you are interested in helping guide the direction of the community.  The nomination process starts on October 16 and [we'll be posting details about how people can nominate themselves on the TOC mailing list so sign up if you'd like to get that information](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc).

#### Code &amp; Projects

Hyperledger Labs

A lot is happening in Hyperledger Labs, a space where work can easily be started without the creation of an official Hyperledger project.  Many new labs have been created recently and several of the Hyperledger projects started out as a lab.  If you're interested in checking out some of the more experimental work happening in the Hyperledger community [check out the different labs](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs) and even [start your own lab](https://labs.hyperledger.org/) if you have an idea you'd like to collaborate on with other community members.

Hyperledger Iroha

The Hyperledger Iroha team now has a newsletter! If you would like to keep up on the latest news regarding the project, [you can subscribe here.](https://forms.gle/hKqrJukyBqEbJf1x9) 

#### Noteworthy Pull Requests

#### Articles, Training &amp; Tutorials

- 
  

#### Events

For anyone interested how #blockchain is used in #climate solutions, join the Climate Action &amp; Accounting SIG on Tues, Oct 17 @ 8 AM Pacific for a [discussion about automation of digital environmental asset exchange with Matthew Lawrenson from TolamEarth](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CASIG/CA2SIG+-+Meeting+Oct+17).

ID Special Interest Group

Last week, on 10/5, the Identity SIG welcomed Karla McKenna and Lance Byrd from GLEIF to discuss Organizational Identity:  Interoperability vLEI and Hyperledger. You can find the wiki page with video of their session here: [2023-10-05: Identity Special Interest Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/IWG/2023-10-05%3A+Identity+Special+Interest+Group)

Next week, on 10/19, the Identity SIG welcomes Darrell O'Connell from Continuum Loop for a discussion: Update to the Wallet Report: Emerging Trust Layer, Trust Registries, and Interoperability. You can find the wiki page and meeting details here: [2023-10-19: Identity Special Interest Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IWG/pages/18252182/2023-10-19+Identity+Special+Interest+Group)

You can find more Hyperledger calls and other events [listed on the community calendar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings).

This newsletter is sent out to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please leave a comment for consideration.

- @TBD add announcements, code &amp; projects, articles, training &amp; tutorials, events
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence) add noteworthy pull requests
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence) review code &amp; projects
- @TBD review code &amp; projects
- @TBD create the next newsletter and update the link

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:04

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
