1. [Hyperledger Web3J](index.html)

# Hyperledger Web3J : Roadmap 2024 - 2025

Created by George Ţebrean, last modified on Aug 07, 2024

Objectives Q3 2024 - Q3 2025

- Generic struct functionality - struct without having a corresponding Java class
- Account Abstraction
- Hold first Web3J Hyperledger Ecosystem Summit
- Prague/Electra Upgrade and Future Ethereum Forks
- Web3j 5.x Release
- New Web3J Workshop with the latest features
- Web3j open-api and Web3j-cli
- Web3j-unit and Web3j-evm updates
- Web3j-android
- Project Maintenance

Item NumberBrief DescriptionMilestonesStatus

1. Generic struct functionality

Add struct support in java without the need of having a corresponding Java classExtend the TypeReference to support this new nested struct typeIn progress - [https://github.com/hyperledger/web3j/pull/2076](https://github.com/hyperledger/web3j/pull/2076)2. Web3j-android

Upgrade Web3j-android branch with latest release

Duration: 2 Months

\- Make Web3j-android compatible with latest Android versions

\- Add latest Web3j features into Web3j-android

Ongoing Mentorship in progress3. Account AbstractionImplement EIP 4337 which simplifies user interactions with smart contracts.

Duration: 4 months

\- Implement UserOperations  and EntryPoint functionalities. 

\- Add support for new RPC methods.

\- Validate and integrate solutions with EVM clients.

Research in progress

4\. Hold first Web3J Hyperledger Ecosystem Summit

 Web3J Hyperledger Ecosystem Summit - purpose of this would be to get closer to the users and gather as much feedback as possible.

Duration 1 week

\- Prepare and hold the event

TBD5. Prague/Electra Upgrade and Future Ethereum ForksPreparing web3j for upcoming Prague/Electra upgrade

Duration: 6 months

\- Add support for EIP 3074 and EIP 7702

\- Support for newer Ethereum Forks and Upgrades

\- Cover possible contingencies that may arrive with unfinalized EIPs

\- Validate implementations with EVM clients.

TBD6. Web3j 5.x ReleaseRelease long overdue Web3j 5.x release with improved code logic and performance

Duration: 10 Months

\- Refactoring codegen logic and gas providers.

\- Integrating web3j-unit and web3j-evm as submodules.

\- Increasing test coverage and removing deprecated code.

\- Integrate Coverage tool with Web3j Github repos.

\- Improve signing mechanism by upgrading security libraries.

TBD7. New Web3J Workshop with the latest featuresWeb3J Workshop session or a presentation feature of the latest features.

Duration 1 week

\- Should happen after Account Abstraction adoption

\- Prepare topics and hold the presentation/event

TBD8. Web3j open-api 

and Web3j-cli

Web3j open-api simplify integration with API driven smart contracts is currently broken

Web3j-cli is not working on Windows environment

Duration: 2 Months

\- Refractor Web3j open-api and fix bug related to its functionality

\- Make Web3j-cli compatible with  Windows 11 and provide future support for upcoming versions.

TBD9. Web3j-unit and Web3j-evm updates

Web3j-unit contains all the integration tests required by Web3j and Web3j-evm uses Besu to provide in memory EVM support.

Duration: 4 Months

\- Increase integration test coverage

\- Add integration tests for new Ethereum Forks

\- Migrate Web3j-evm to latest Besu versions.

TBD10. Project Maintenance

Ongoing support, maintenance, and community focussed tasks

Duration: All months

\- Regularly addressing issues and bug fixes. Reduce Issues by 80%

\- Conducting code refactoring for improved

TBD

Qs roadmap:

Q3 2024Q4 2024Q1 2025Q2 2025Q3 2025

1. Generic struct functionality

3\. Account Abstraction3. Account Abstraction - Validation10. Project Maintenance-   Reduce open issues by 40 %

5\. Prague/Electra Upgrade and Future Ethereum Forks 

\- Validate implementations with EVM clients

2\. Web3j-android4. Hold first Web3J Hyperledger Ecosystem Summit - December5. Prague/Electra Upgrade and Future Ethereum Forks - Add support for EIP 3074 and EIP 77025. Prague/Electra Upgrade and Future Ethereum Forks 

\- Support for newer Ethereum Forks and Upgrades

\- Cover possible contingencies that may arrive with unfinalized EIPs

9\. Web3j-unit and Web3j-evm updates

10\. Project Maintenance- Reduce open issues by 20 %7. New Web3J Workshop with the latest features8. Web3j open-api 

and Web3j-cli

6\. Web3j 5.x Release

\- Refactoring codegen logic and gas providers.

\- Integrating web3j-unit and web3j-evm as submodules.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 27, 2024 07:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
