1. [Community Architects](index.html)
2. [Community Architects Team](Community-Architects-Team_20545564.html)

# Community Architects : Shuffleboard Or Tetris: who knows?

Created by Ry Jones, last modified on Jun 03, 2021

- DCI / Morgan state   15%
  
  - pick a DLT to base this on
    
    - Fabric
  - find course developer
    
    - Cardstack?
    - Minifabric
    - Runs on laptop with no internet
    - reusable material
  - NFT in a box?
    
    - publish sow
  - get going
- how to get started -- videos and/or better docs and/or translations 40%
  
  - prioritize graduated projects to sequence things: indy &gt; besu &gt; fabric
  - overall doc improvement
  - translations
  - videos
- create samples  15%
  
  - probably can be combinged with the DCI / Morgan State work
- more swag / thank-yous 30%
  
  - define the swag pack
  - send to people who vote
  - Example: [https://wiki.mozilla.org/Reps/Tools\_and\_Resources/Available\_Swag](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Reps/Tools_and_Resources/Available_Swag)

Request from Morgan State:

What is an NFT and How Do You Build One?

**OVERVIEW:**

 “I took these really cool workshops over the summer and learned the process of creating NFTs and I’m going to be able to turn it into a really fun lecture in one of my classes.”

Giving HBCU faculty the concepts behind how blockchain is used to build NFTs and an introduction to some tool(s) they could use to incorporate that knowledge into a hands-on activity in an existing course with their students.

**LEARNING OBJECTIVES:**

Participants will walk away with information they can use in their classrooms, resources they can explore further, contacts with programmers in the Hyperledger Community they could invite to collaborate or guest speakers, and contacts with other HBCU faculty teaching blockchain.

**WHEN**

The week of July 12, 2021, and/or July 19, 2021

**STRUCTURE**

Two-part workshop

Total 4 hours of workshop content

2 segments of 2 hours each 

Two weekdays, ex: 2 consecutive Tuesdays; a Monday and Wednesday during the same week.

1\)

First Session - Concepts and Use Cases

What are Blockchains? What are NFTs? How NFTs are using blockchain technology to transform the world of art, music, sports, etc.

Presentation by people from the Hyperledger Project  Music and Entertainment Working Group presenting what an NFT is, how they are using them; the business model around an NFT, etc.

2\)

Second  Session -  Creating An NFT

A high-level view of the creation process of an NFT: what are the best processes, apps,  tools, technologies, programming languages that could be used to create an NFT.

Hyperledger presenters choose the tools and demonstrate how to use them. Participants can share how they plan to use NFT tools in their lessons. Depending on the complexity of the tools they could train the trainers. 

Advance Preparation:

Create a shared drive of resources for registered participants to ensure a baseline of knowledge.

Follow-up:

Add to shared resources, pair interested faculty with presenters to develop specific lessons. Make sure everyone has each other’s contact information, encourage collaboration on activities in the Fall Semester.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:04

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
