1. [Community Architects](index.html)
2. [Community Architects Team](Community-Architects-Team_20545564.html)
3. [Works in Progress](Works-in-Progress_20561000.html)

# Community Architects : Wiki Nav Updates

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Apr 26, 2021

This page is for thinking through some updates to the current global navigation items on the wiki and the sidebar nav items on the main page.

**Global Nav Items**

- Spaces
  
  - Autogenerated
- People
  
  - Is this section useful now or could be made more useful as a community directory?  Like [https://people.mozilla.org/](https://people.mozilla.org/)
    
    - autogenerated – maybe there are some Confluence plugins to make this section more useful?
- Projects
  
  - Graduated
  - Incubating
  - Project Documentation
    
    - Project Incubation Exit Criteria – if we want to simplify the nav a bit seems like we could remove this since this is part of the Lifecycle doc which is already linked to in the nav
- Groups
  
  - Calendar – seems out of place in this nav menu
  - Managing Zoom Meetings – seems out of place in this nav menu
  - Technical Steering Committee (TSC)
  - Move Task Forces here?
  - Move Regional Chapters here?
  - Working Groups – perhaps remove the process, proposals and updates links?
  - Special Interest Groups – MESIG missing + perhaps remove the process link
- Labs – general comment: Labs content is spread across the wiki, Github and labs.hyperledger.org
  
  - Overview
  - Updates – should we remove?  last update on page is from 2019
  - Add: List of Labs – [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs)
  - Add: Start a Lab – [https://labs.hyperledger.org/](https://labs.hyperledger.org/)
- Events
  
  - Global Forum
  - Meetups
  - Past Events
  - Move Calendar under here and call it Community Calls in nav maybe?
  - Move Managing Zoom Meetings under here?
- Community – Rename to Contribute since everything on the wiki is related to the community
  
  - Contributor Guide
  - Linux Foundation ID
  - Chat
  - Mailing lists
  - Github
  - Bug reporting
  - Mentorship Program
  - Community Architects
  - Library – Remove: Out of data and not owned or being updated now.
  - Academic Program – Remove: Out of data and not owned or being updated now.
  - About – Remove: Is this page needed?  Seems like a duplication of the content on the main page

**Sidebar Items on Main Page**

General thoughts – must of these links seem out of date and not tremendously useful.  Would remove several links and add a new section about 'Recent Project Content' that points to dynamic content like good first bugs, recent PRs, upcoming calls, etc.

- Space shortcuts
  
  - Technical Steering Committee
  - Security
  - /dev/weekly Newsletter
  - Marketing Hyperledger
- Hyperledger Code of Conduct
- Calendar of Public Meetings
- About – Remove: Is this page needed?  Seems like a duplication of the content on the main page
- FAQ
- Legal – Does Confluence allow us to have a custom footer?  Might be good there to reduce clutter here.
- Project Dashboards – Is this page up to date?  Seems like some content is out of date like the Besu roadmap
- Project Lifecycle – Is in the global nav so do we need it here too?  And it is pointing to an old URL.
- Project Proposals – Is in the global nav so do we need it here too?  And it is pointing to an old URL.
- Proposal Template for a Hyperledger Project – Is pointing to an old URL and seems duplicative of content in global nav
- Showing Your Support → Rename to Community Roles and move under Contribute global nav?
- Special Interest Groups
- Working Groups
- Defect Response – Is pointing to an old URL and the page it redirects to hasn't been updated since 2019.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:04

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
