1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-06-21 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Jul 29, 2019

## Date

21 Jun 2019 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Questions from last week. Do we have answers yet?
  
  - Can we make gerrit work with circleci?
  - Who pays to develop an integration solution?
  - Can we get OpenStack to orchestrate on a k8s cluster as well as VMs?
- Review outstanding tasks from previous meetings
  
  - [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence) 31 May 2019 modify maintainers file to remove Ramesh and add yourselves and add [Former user (Deleted)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:18487632-0d8b-449e-bdc6-7e69bedc56a2?ref=confluence) as a reviewer.
  - [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence) 07 Jun 2019 Bring a narrowed down list of possibilities to talk about.
  - [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence) 14 Jun 2019 to look into Kubernetes with VM (kubevert)
  - Fabric team to narrow solutions for the report.
  - [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) email TSC about policy decisions.
- Volunteers to help write the report.

## Minutes

- Fabric team to narrow solutions for the report.
  
  - I think this has already been addressed in previous discussion.
- [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) email TSC about policy decisions.
  
  - The report will include the policies so the TSC will weigh in and agree to them.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
