1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-06-07 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Sep 12, 2019

## Date

07 Jun 2019 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Mark Wagner
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Do we want to pursue moving Fabric minions to external hosting in the short term?
- Building raw resources on AWS or IBM cloud.
  
  - What does this look like?

## Minutes

- Recap of the conversation so far up to last week.
- Looking at Cloudbees
  
  - They don't offer a managed solutions, they only have a support contract available.
  - They have third parties they work with that can do managed services and pricing is on a per-user model.
    
    - A user is every committer.
    - Any special pricing for open source projects? We would have to get a quote and then negotiate with them.
    - Tested Cloudbees with Fabric and it doesn't really give us any advantage.
      
      - It's very similar to Jenkins and at the end of the day, it's not really something we want to pay for.
- Looked at CircleCI
  
  - It does what Fabric wants to do but it doesn't integrate with Gerrit.
- The two problems:
  
  - CI is one problem and is more concerned
- Moving forward ideas
  
  - CircleCI
    
    - Supports running both on VM's and container hosts.
    - Supports AWS and other cloud platforms so it would support Sawtooth long-running tests.
    - Does declarative pipelines that Fabric team wants.
    - We already have a CircleCI account and we can run some tests on there.
  - Bare AWS with teams doing what they want
  - Kubernetes
    
    - Tekton UI was unable to get it running.
      
      - Couldn't find support for VM nodes.
    - Kubevert can support VMs but we'd have to use rsync to get files onto the machine for testing.
- Producing the GB report
  
  - Three sections
    
    - Introduction that describes the current state and the set of problems.
    - Describe the potential solutions for solving the CI problem and also for solving the soak/test net problem.
    - Itemize the most likely solution to solve the most problems for the most teams.

## Action items

- [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence)14 Jun 2019 investigating Prow and Kubernetes
- Fabric team to narrow solutions for the report.
- [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence) 14 Jun 2019 to look into Kubernetes with VM (kubevert)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
