1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-08-16 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Sep 12, 2019

## Date

16 Aug 2019 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Fabric roadmap for azure pipelines.
- Indy/Ursa roadmap for gitlab-ci

## Minutes

- Fabric on Azure Pipelines
  
  - Matt has done the fabric-protos repository which is in hyperledger repos.
  - Has it doing what we want it to do.
  - Some outstanding issues related to the fact that azure hasn't ported over everything to be YAML driven but the azure roadmap shows that they'll be fixing most of that in the next couple quarters.
  - Concerns
    
    - Some concern over the way they're handling SSH keys.
      
      - They require the public key to be in the configuration file and point to the private key on github.
      - Matt opened an issue with azure to fix this. This is also a test of whether they are responsive to users opening issues.
    - Triggering downstream builds is a GUI only.
    - Multiple builds are set up by the GUI and not fully YAML driven.
  - Built out a PoC and took it to the maintainers
    
    - Started with Circle-CI but there was pushback from Fabric TSC members because lack of windows/mac support and cost concerns and lack of scaling with community sourced resources.
    - Talked to CNCF and started looking at Azure pipelines.
      
      - But the fact that they are migrating from GUI to YAML driven system so things aren't perfect yet.
  - Reqs
    
    - Get off of Jenkins
    - Have a declarative pipelines
    - Multiproject triggers and flow builds forward
    - Only need Linux
    - Need VM based build runners
    - Open to Gitlab-CI or Azure Pipelines.
- Sovrin on Kubernetes and Gitlab-CI
  
  - They were able to get 5 seats at the top tier from Gitlab because they are open source.
  - Reqs
    
    - Need windows, linux, and mac support
    - Need community sourced scaling capability
    - Open to Gitlab-CI or Azure Pipelines.

## Action items

- Matt and Brett are going to check out Gitlab-CI and report back ASAP.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
