1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-05-31 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Sep 12, 2019

## Date

31 May 2019

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Discuss Brian's email about options for the future of  our CI/CD system.

## Minutes

- First steps is to figure out a plan to look at a couple of different options and come back here to decide.
  
  - Cloudbees?
  - Building raw resources on AWS or IBM cloud.
    
    - What does this look like?
    - The initial idea was an EKS cluster with quotas and namespaces for each team.
    - Fabric:
      
      - Interested in a declarative pipeline.
      - Long-term: Would like to choose our tools like Concourse, Gitlab-CI based on what we need.
      - Short-term: solutions to be discussed and reported on next week.
    - Sawtooth:
      
      - Interested in taking existing infrastructure and moving to HL resources provided minimal change is needed to existing pipeline.
  - Leave everything at current service provider but move the build minions somewhere else because we suspect they are the problem.
    
    - Moving the minions would solve performance problems.

## Action items

- [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence)07 Jun 2019 Bring a narrowed down list of possibilities to talk about.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
