1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-07-19 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Jul 29, 2019

## Date

19 Jul 2019 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Update on CircleCI
- Discuss long-term scalability
  
  - Can we use community contributed resources to reduce overall cost?
  - How are we going to scale the per-user license fee?

## Minutes

- Azure pipelines looks like a great solution and we are investigating. Here are the features we need that it supports:
  
  - Supports building for Windows, Linux and Mac OS
  - Supports using computing resources from different cloud providers.
  - Free for open source use.
  - Supports fine grained tagging of computing resources so that they can be assigned to specific projects to use.
  - Supports multi-staged build pipelines with heterogeneous build environments.
  - Supports tight integration with outside tools such as github and slack.
- Supporting multiple cloud providers is a huge advantage because we can ask for free resources through our social networks and then plug them into the pool of resources.
- Matt is going to test out moving some Fabric jenkins jobs to azure pipelines.
- Dave is going to ask Mike Lodder to try out the Ursa build.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
