1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-06-28 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Sep 12, 2019

## Date

28 Jun 2019 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Questions from last week. Do we have answers yet?
  
  - Can we make gerrit work with circleci?
  - Who pays to develop an integration solution?
  - Can we get OpenStack to orchestrate on a k8s cluster as well as VMs?
- Review outstanding tasks from previous meetings
  
  - [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence) 31 May 2019 modify maintainers file to remove Ramesh and add yourselves and add [Former user (Deleted)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:18487632-0d8b-449e-bdc6-7e69bedc56a2?ref=confluence) as a reviewer.
  - [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence) 07 Jun 2019 Bring a narrowed down list of possibilities to talk about.
  - [Mark Wagner (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:81b88945-c9ef-40fe-9224-207bdb280922?ref=confluence) 14 Jun 2019 to look into Kubernetes with VM (kubevert)
  - Fabric team to narrow solutions for the report.
  - [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) email TSC about policy decisions.
- Volunteers to help write the report.

## Minutes

- Producing the GB report
  
  - Three sections
    
    - Introduction that describes the current state and the set of problems.
    - Describe the potential solutions for solving the CI problem and also for solving the soak/test net problem.
    - Itemize the most likely solution to solve the most problems for the most teams.
- Notes
  
  - Nobody is happy and it is currently unfair that companies have to pay for their things and the Fabric team is limited to what they are using.
  - Current options look like this
    
    - Short term:
      
      - Moving Fabric minions to AWS to give the team better control over the performance and debugging and resources to get their build times down and to fix their problems easier.
      - Using HL resources to reduce the cost to member companies. This is a broad brush and we'll need to work out a per-team budget and how they spend it. But in general we want to reduce the unfairness that companies are facing right now.
      - CA team for metrics and security reasons need to secure visibility and influence into the existing pipelines.
    - Long term:
      
      - We develop an HL global budget for covering CI/CD costs that all of the teams can get a cut of based on the portioning rules set by and managed by the TSC
        
        - This number will grow significantly since we're essentially only paying for one team at the moment and we want to grow to all teams.
      - We bless one CI system with the tacit acceptance that this will be painful for pretty much everybody and will require some significant time and energy commitment to move all projects to the new system. We have no current recommendation (e.g. CircleCI or Gitlab CI or K8s) but if we decide on this option we can figure that out and it will be about minimizing the pain for the most people.
        
        - We actually only care about the visibility and security and metrics requirements and being on or under budget so blessing a single solution is really of no interest. &lt;----THIS IS THE RECOMMENDATION given the present company and place in time. This needs broader buy in.

## Action items

- [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) 28 Jun 2019  write a preliminary report with the recommendation and discussion and send to active members list asking for review and edit and check-off of reviewers at the bottom.
  
  - review deadline is 05 Jul 2019
- [David Huseby](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c81ef6e187e8e0b95b0b1e9?ref=confluence) 05 Jul 2019 send summary email to TSC mailing list announcing preliminary report with current level of buy in and itemize the specific action items for the TSC that come out of the report.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
