1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-05-23 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Sep 12, 2019

## Date

24 May 2019

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Iroha requirements are in the [Requirements](Requirements_19011043.html)
- Mark Wagner suggested we look at [Tekton](https://cloud.google.com/tekton/)
- Also the [CD foundation](https://cd.foundation/) was just started at the Linux Foundation.

## Minutes

- Mark: Tekton
  
  - Kubernetes native CI/CD pipeline tool.
  - Red Hat tests container stuff using VMs using Minikube.
- Matt
  
  - Fabric requirements
    
    - need to bring up containers under Docker compose to run through example tests.
    - moving to kubernetes is possible however Fabric node requires access to the docker daemon to run chain code.
      
      - new solution is to build chain code as an executable that runs in a process rather than docker image.
    - testing environment has peers and orderers running in VMs and they require bringing up docker containers for running chain code.
    - there are places in fabric test that are relying on compose to run everything. so running those in a kube pod there are issues but on a vm they don't.
    - if LF went to kubernetes without a VM option, it will be a non-started for the Fabric team because they don't have the bandwidth to make the necessary changes to bring their pipeline over.
    - **Make vm-based node pool in kubernetes as part of the solution.**
    - How do we want to handle packer images?
      
      - Is there anything that can be done to get help with problems with the packer images in the ci-management repo?
      - We have a huge issue with an packer image related to maven that has been hard to diagnose and LFIT has refused to help investigate since it isn't using an ansible-based packer system.

## Action items

- [Matthew Sykes (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1f7370eb-883e-4796-aee4-f780f9c144d1?ref=confluence) 31 May 2019 modify maintainers file to remove Ramesh and add yourselves and add [Former user (Deleted)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:18487632-0d8b-449e-bdc6-7e69bedc56a2?ref=confluence) as a reviewer.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
