1. [CI/CD](index.html)
2. [CI/CD Home](19005451.html)

# CI/CD : 2019-06-14 CI/CD Meeting

Created by David Huseby, last modified on Jul 29, 2019

## Date

14 Jun 2019Â 

## Attendees

- Greg Hill
- Silas Davis
- Richard Berg
- Ryan Beck-Buysse
- Shawn Amundson
- Srinivasan K
- Mike Lodder
- Morgan Bauer
- Pankaj Goyal
- Qinghui Hou
- Artyom Bakhtin
- Matt Sykes
- Brett Logan
- Dipti
- Ry Jones
- Dave Huseby

## Agenda

- Updates

## Minutes

- CircleCI engineering solutions team meeting happening at 2pm easetern today.
  
  - IBM is looking at CircleCI as a possible long term solution.
  - Short term solution is to move minions off to AWS or something similar.
  - Questions:
    
    - Can we make gerrit work with circleci?
    - Who pays to develop an integration solution?
- Kubernetes report
  
  - Using OpenStack now to create disposable VMs
  - Questions
    
    - Can we get OpenStack to orchestrate on a k8s cluster as well as VMs.
- Sawtooth is still interested in raw AWS resources.
  
  - Using Jenkins for doing CI on their own hardware.
- Where are we on the report?
  
  - We should report out on the top two options and make it clear that no one solution is good.
    
    - Option one: pick one CI platform as standard and force everybody to migrate.
      
      - Does the TSC enforce this?
      - Engineering cost of migrating could be significant.
    - Option two: secure a pool of bare cloud resources and divide it among the teams.
      
      - Test nets are expensive and should probably be its own budget line item.
      - We can ask cloud providers to donate resource for this.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
