1. [Hyperledger Indy](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Indy](Hyperledger-Indy_19464194.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19464715.html)
4. [Indy SDK Working Group Agendas](Indy-SDK-Working-Group-Agendas_19464232.html)

# Hyperledger Indy : 2018-2019 (historical) Indy SDK Working Group Agendas

Created by Richard Esplin, last modified on Apr 25, 2019

# March 13, 2019

Attendees:

- Matt Raffel
- Richard Esplin
- Darko
- Stephen Curran
- Sam Curren
- Sergey Minaev
- Mike Lodder

Release Status:

- 1.8.2 bug fix release in March
- 2.0 architecture proposal is underway, but no timeline for the release yet
- - Need to share proposal for 2.0 with Hyperledger TSC when it is ready.

Open PRs:

Business:

- Future of CI / CD
- - Helpful Links
  - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wb4l8mrN6dxZCgh0j7zCgkmmYHFvZzHmca3TLTHjHZY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wb4l8mrN6dxZCgh0j7zCgkmmYHFvZzHmca3TLTHjHZY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [https://chat.sovrin.org/channel/community-ci-agents](https://chat.sovrin.org/channel/community-ci-agents)
  - [https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/#variables](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/#variables)
  - [https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/security/](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/security/)
  - [https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/configuration/advanced-configuration.html#using-a-private-container-registry](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/configuration/advanced-configuration.html#using-a-private-container-registry)
  - [https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/new\_ci\_build\_permissions\_model.html](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/new_ci_build_permissions_model.html)
  - [https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/examples/sast.html](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/examples/sast.html)
- Document of IndySDK 2.0 arch (currently internal but will be shared soon): [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lYrauUiSpbXy-9JuAnFAZVORy0JBJWOzO7cXDDF1qBE/](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lYrauUiSpbXy-9JuAnFAZVORy0JBJWOzO7cXDDF1qBE/)
- Python Idiomatic SDK wrapper / language library
- - Should the language idiomatic library take over the name of the current thin wrapper in PiPi?
  - - Obvious name for new developers should be the “fat wrapper”
  - Where should the new library live?
  - - Probably outside of the SDK

# August 27, 2018

Attendees:

- Darko
- Slava
- Adam
- Richard

Weekly Review

- Team status:
- - EV Indy SDK
  - Tirole (Sovrin Token)
  - Hyperledger Crypto
  - Sovrin
- Pull requests that need discussion
- Recent commits worth highlighting
- Important issues that need progress
- Architectural conversation

Other:

- Team changes: Slava and Darko are working closer together
- Meeting cadence
- - Our meetings don’t seem as important as first expected. Good collaboration on RocketChat, Slava and Darko are closely aligned, and other contributors are focused on other projects.
  - Change meeting to once a month for 30 minutes.
- LibVCX update
- - Pull request ready, with known dependency on Evernym Agency.
  - Will need to keep synchronized with internal Evernym development: bug fixes and revocation.
  - Need a plan for Evernym products to switch to Indy libvcx.
  - Won’t work on CI / CD integration until it is ready to be used generally.
- Indy-Crypto update
- - No update from Mike

Follow-up:

- Darko replacing Daniel H as a committer?
- - Darko will be a committer the same as other EV Indy team members (Sergey).
  - We probably still need a committer in Utah: Doug or Daniel?
- Need a plan for Evernym products to switch to Indy libvcx: Richard, Vlad, and Doug

# July 30, 2018

Attendees:

Weekly Review

- Team status:
- - EV Indy SDK
  - Driscoll (LibVCX)
  - Tirole (Sovrin Token)
  - Hyperledger Crypto
  - Sovrin
- Pull requests that need discussion
- Recent commits worth highlighting
- Important issues that need progress
- Architectural conversation

Other:

- Darko replacing Daniel as a committer?

# July 17, 2018

Attendees:

- Richard Esplin
- Adam Burdett
- Michael Lodder

Weekly Review

- Team status:
- - EV Indy SDK
  - - Postponing release of 1.6 in order to improve the Payments API.
  - Driscoll (LibVCX)
  - - Working on a HIPE for how to integrate credential exchange into Indy SDK.
  - Tirole (Sovrin Token)
  - - Figuring out how to upgrade and deploy plugins: Need to start using Sovrin CI / CD, code repository, and issue tracker.
    - Developers will need to mint tokens for development, and obtain tokens on the Sovrin test network.
  - Hyperledger Crypto
  - - Need to address BLS sig issue, but might not be until SDK 1.8 (September)
    - Mike has created a plan of attack for Indy Crypto → Hyperledger Crypto
      
      [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JtFT5L-82egj6shgGXzTsNAg6\_UHuMheKfsst6NS\_Xo/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JtFT5L-82egj6shgGXzTsNAg6_UHuMheKfsst6NS_Xo/edit)
      
      [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pQsiIWKD6saf3gkmmAe7\_5NYEtlXfy2iumoFn2Of77I/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pQsiIWKD6saf3gkmmAe7_5NYEtlXfy2iumoFn2Of77I/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Sovrin
  - - Focused on agent work
    - SDK documentation (Michael McKean)
    - - Publishing to ReadTheDocs
      - 10 minute to success document
    - CI / CD improvements (Steven Gubler)
- Pull requests that need discussion
- Recent commits worth highlighting
- Important issues that need progress
- Architectural conversation

Other:

- Cancelled last week’s meeting because only Adam was available.
- We decided to hold this meeting bi-weekly.
- Is there any way to move this meeting so it doesn't conflict with the W3C meetings?
- - Conflict is with the W3C Verifiable Claims Working Group. Doug is the right Evernym representative.
  - Will move to be offset with Indy Maintainers meeting on Mondays at 9AM Mountain.
  - - Mike has a conflict, but will be able to attend when coordination on Indy Crypto is important.
    - Nathan has a conflict, but can probably attend on occasion.
    - Richard will confirm with the other committers

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:50

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
