1. [Hyperledger Indy](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Indy](Hyperledger-Indy_19464194.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19464715.html)
4. [Indy Contributors Meeting](Indy-Contributors-Meeting_19464913.html)
5. [2020 Meeting Notes](2020-Meeting-Notes_19465228.html)

# Hyperledger Indy : 2020-12-22 Indy Contributors Call

Created by Stephen Curran, last modified by Kevin Griffin on Jan 19, 2021

## Summary

Planned:

- Status of indy-node CI/CD progress
- Status of upcoming indy-sdk release

## Recording from the call: [2020-12-22 Indy Contributors Call Recording](#)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

## Attendees

- @name (Employer) &lt;email&gt;
- [Stephen Curran](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:d676f135-ecd6-465b-b7eb-f87976bf4569?ref=confluence)  (Cloud Compass Computing Inc.) &lt;swcurran@cloudcompass.ca&gt;
- [Richard Esplin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:8b35bfaa-715c-4137-8dbd-c4fdab87b671?ref=confluence) (Evernym) &lt;richard.esplin@evernym.com&gt;
- [Alexander Jonsson](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:e785bcce-e136-4074-8df6-ea773557fcb0?ref=confluence)   (Laniakea Health) &lt;alex@laniakeahealth.com&gt;
- [Lynn Gray Bendixsen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/618ec0fbe1b3e0006978ab61?ref=confluence) ([Indicio.tech](http://Indicio.tech)) &lt;[lynn@indicio.tech](mailto:lynn@indicio.tech)&gt;
- [Kevin Griffin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e8ea9141-eaa8-4587-8b69-bf1f7ba0a013?ref=confluence) (Scoir) &lt;kg@scoir.com&gt;

## Related Calls and Announcements

- TBD

## Release Status and Work Updates

- Indy Node
  
  - Next release in progress, led by this team using a revised CI/CD process
  - Ubuntu 20.04 18.04
- Indy SDK
  
  - Next release in progress, led by [Ian Costanzo](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a90a1b054c8ff39bc246426?ref=confluence)
- Indy Monitoring - [https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node-monitor](https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node-monitor)
- Indy/Aries Shared Libraries
- Ursa

## Meeting Topics

- Progress on CI/CD to create a release "identical" to the current release – indy-node, indy-plenum, indy-crypto, token-plugin; sovrin-node
  
  - Kevin - tests are still failing in indy-plenum; now indy-node tests failing because of mismatched version in Github Actions
  - Wade - cleared out space/docker images on Jenkins build machines that enabled tests to run
- Next release of indy-node per Richard
  
  - Evernym can help to get to 20.04 vs. 18.04
    
    - Should work on a 20.04 branch
  - Alexandr K - working on Jenkins pipeline; needs to ask others to start pipelines.  Work with Wade.
- Request for indy-sdk release - discussion of progress
  
  - Streamlining – building and deploying indy-node from scratch vs. from a more complete image.
  - Things are in good shape.  indy-node docker image issue fixed by Sergey.  Wade cleaned up a lot in the pipelines.
  - Expecting now the build to work and if so testing can start.
- PR  to add a project status to Indy SDK
  
  - [https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-sdk/pull/2329](https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-sdk/pull/2329)
- Upgrade testing pre-Sovrin release 
  
  - Issue – Network is in Evernym AWS infrastructure, but others cannot access it.
  - Several technical solutions are probably possible, but not clearly understood.
  - Evernym will give access to specific people ([Wade Barnes](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:166ee094-a2f2-44b4-adee-5c3da3741ff8?ref=confluence)) to use the cluster for upcoming releases.
  - We need a long term solution.
- Proposal to include fees transactions as part of Indy Core, which could be leveraged by a plugin
  
  - Simplifies maintaining Sovrin MainNet
  - Does not tie to a specific payment implementation
  - Would require a change to the Indy HIPE related to fees.
  - Would move a concept from the "Generic Indy Token HIPE" into core Indy.
  - No concerns with adding the concept of Fees, but ambivalence about whether it will be valuable in the short term.

## Future Calls

Next call:

Future:

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19464443/19465628.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:50

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
