1. [Hyperledger Indy](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Indy](Hyperledger-Indy_19464194.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19464715.html)
4. [Indy Contributors Meeting](Indy-Contributors-Meeting_19464913.html)
5. [2020 Meeting Notes](2020-Meeting-Notes_19465228.html)

# Hyperledger Indy : 2020-07-21 Indy Contributors Call

Created by Stephen Curran, last modified on Jul 21, 2020

## Summary

Planned:

- Evolving Indy usage to support DIDDocs

## The call recording is available here: [20200721 Indy Contributors Call](#)

## Remember the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Anti-Trust Policy

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Introductions

## Attendees

- [Stephen Curran](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:d676f135-ecd6-465b-b7eb-f87976bf4569?ref=confluence)  (Cloud Compass Computing Inc.) &lt;swcurran@cloudcompass.ca&gt;
- [Steve McCown](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:6a16994f-5370-4543-a732-609646e7e665?ref=confluence)  (Anonyome Labs) &lt;smccown@anonyome.com&gt;

## Related Calls and Announcements

- Identity Implementer Working Group call ([Wiki Page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/IWG/Identity+WG+Implementers+Call)) - every 2nd Thursday

## Release Status and Work Updates

- Indy Node
  
  - Timing TBD:
    
    - Replacing Indy Crypto with Ursa(Kiva)
      
      - Test are running as I type...
    - ? More "rich schema" objects
    - ? Ubuntu 20.04 (Kiva) - other dependencies - [Jira Issue](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/INDY-2196)
- Indy SDK
  
  - Timing TBD:
    
    - Indy VDR into LibIndy
    - Indy Credx into LibIndy
- Indy/Aries Shared Libraries
  
  - Aries Shared:
    
    - indy-vdr (Andrew Whitehead)  [https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-vdr](https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-vdr)
      
      - Working on the CI/CD pieces to produce multi-platform artifacts
    - indy-credx - [https://github.com/andrewwhitehead/indy-credx](https://github.com/andrewwhitehead/indy-credx)
      
      - No updates
      - To be moved to BC Gov and then to Hyperledger
    - indy-shared-rs - [https://github.com/bcgov/indy-shared-rs](https://github.com/bcgov/indy-shared-rs)
      
      - Shared features across indy-vdr and indy-credx
      - pack/unpack on Ursa (not libsodium)
      - To be moved to Hyperledger
      - Three crates - indy-utils, key derivation/pack/unpack/base58, indy-anon-creds (data types for credentials, reduce dependencies), indy-test (dev genesis file)
    - aries-credx
      
      - [https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-credx-framework-rs](https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-credx-framework-rs)
        
        - 6 most common attribute encodings (but not anoncreds 1 attribute encoding)
      - Can make a non-revocable credential and create proofs.
    - Aries Secure Storage initiatives:
  - Ursa
    
    - BBS+, Revocation work 2.0 work
    - Current Release: 0.3.4 is ready.

## Meeting Topics

- [Kyle Den Hartog](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:9e8190c6-0788-48e1-a99a-ed6d18b5d34d?ref=confluence) Recent discussion on the did:sov method and adding DIDDoc support to indy-node
- [Stephen Curran](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:d676f135-ecd6-465b-b7eb-f87976bf4569?ref=confluence) Continuing the discussion about Indy network interoperability.  How do we accomplish this use case:
  
  - "Enabling a prover to seamlessly create a proof that involves credentials rooted in different Indy networks, and for a verifier to verify such a proof"

## Future Calls

Next call:

Future:

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19464392/19465443.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:50

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
