1. [Hyperledger Indy](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Indy](Hyperledger-Indy_19464194.html)

# Hyperledger Indy : Indy Use Cases

Created by Steven Gubler, last modified by Alec Fokapu on Mar 08, 2020

This document is a community effort to show what is possible with Indy. Feel free to add your ideas and projects here!

**Digital Documents** — Have secure and versatile digital forms of your important documents. (passport, driver’s license, birth certificate, medical records, etc.)

**Secure Password**-**less Authentication (SPA)** — Easily sign in to a secure site by simply clicking “login” and providing a fingerprint (or other biometric) with your mobile device.

**End of Spam** — No more ‘junk emails’ or changing phone numbers. Spam doesn’t get through without your permission, or without your current gate code.

**Membership management** — Your agent becomes your membership card for ALL your memberships, and can be used everywhere. Ski pass, subway card, rewards member, etc.

**Enforce age restrictions** — Devices, websites, and services could more effectively require a person be of the certain age.

**Software Development Pipeline** — Verify development builds were completed properly and officially signed by the developers for consumers of the software. This could also be useful because build credentials could be revoked if the software has a vulnerability informing consumers of the software, leading to very powerful decentralized security alert system.

**Exchange of Business Documents** — e.g. exchange of a Purchase Order or Invoice between two parties

**Games** — Game publishers could rely on identity providers to prevent minors from playing their games, restrict content, making in game purchases etc...without having to manage the identity themselves.  See “Membership Management/Enforce Age Restrictions” above.

**Employment Verification** — A third-party could seek out VC’s (names of previous employers)  as previous employers of a potential job candidate, and then in turn these VC’s could be vetted by other third-party verifiers for higher certainty and veracity as to the employment.  This would differ from governmental verification for employment and rather seek the social element of employment references and veracity of employments.

**Supply Chain Provenance** — When a complex widget is built that involves multiple organizational identities handing them off between them, different forms of credentials could be passed that would help efforts such as batch #, materials used, cost, and others to help do QA, analysis of inefficiencies, and other cases where such widgets are needed to be securely transferred between parties marked by decentralized identifiers and transferred with agents.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:49

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
