1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2019 notes](2019-notes_19611718.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2019-03-20 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified by Dan Middleton on Apr 01, 2019

**Attendees:**

Hart Montgomery

Dan Anderson

Lovesh H

Mike Lodder

Nathan George

Zhenhua Zhao

Brent Zundel

Cam Parra

**Meeting Notes**

1. Discussion of outstanding pull requests (Mike).
2. Minor question about a merged PR
3. Discussion of a v0.1 for Ursa so that we can move towards production.
   
   1. We don't have a lot of formalism or documentation in place, but hopefully a v0.1 will help get the ball rolling on this for future adoption.
4. Discussion on WASM interface.
5. Pull request protocol/more maintainer discussion.
   
   1. General discussion on best coding practices for a cryptography project.
6. Dan Anderson led a discussion on performance issues.
   
   1. Optimized code vs general rust code.
7. Encryption API Discussion

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19611717/19612335.txt) (video/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [playback.m3u](attachments/19611717/19612080.m3u) (application/octet-stream)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19611717/19612337.txt) (audio/mp4)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19611717/19612079.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19611717/19612081.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
