1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2019 notes](2019-notes_19611718.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2019-12-11 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Dec 11, 2019

1. Some technical difficulties–we are having calendar issues.  Hart will talk to Dave.
2. Next meeting would be Christmas–cancelled.
3. Should we move some of the signatures in zmix to Ursa?
4. Mike:  almost done with RFC for hardware APIs.
5. Mike:  almost ready for a "3.0" (0.3) release.  Should be happening soon.
6. Lots of questions about a Go interface.
7. FIPS certification?
8. Lovesh:  explanation of bulletproofs stuff?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:39

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
