1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2020 notes](2020-notes_19611911.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2020-03-18 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Mar 18, 2020

1. Some discussion of the Sovrin Foundation plan and future.
   
   1. Lots of core people need jobs!Â  These are core contributors the Hyperledger community will really miss.
2. Outstanding PRs/RFCs:
   
   1. Two simple ones that were easy to discuss.
   2. Bug fixes/ease of use stuff.
3. Encryption:
   
   1. Do we need CCA encryption?
   2. Do we even need general public key encryption?
      
      1. Most people are just using KE + symmetric key encryption.
   3. We probably don't need it.
4. Discussion of hash to curve.
   
   1. Mike would like better hash to curve functions.
5. Discussion of Rust/Go Interfaces.
6. Discussion of new signatures.
   
   1. Thresholdable issuance and verification.
   2. "Toll booth" application.
7. PAKE Discussion

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
