1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2020 notes](2020-notes_19611911.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2020-12-8 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Dec 09, 2020

1. Discussion of outstanding PRs–what do we need to do to get them in.
2. PR#143:  what should we do?
   
   1. We should ask if author is still interested in pursuing it?
   2. Decision:  we should ask for interest and say we will close if no response.
3. We approved the secret sharing PR.
4. Discussion of accumulators and strategies for more efficiency.
   
   1. We talked about interfaces and methods.
5. k256 crate.
   
   1. Already migrated for the signature refactor.
   2. Can we mostly get rid of Milagro?  Only left for Indy.
      
      1. Some migration questions.
6. Secure broadcast channels–do we need them for MPC?  Should we have them in Ursa?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
