1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2020 notes](2020-notes_19611911.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2020-06-10 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Jun 10, 2020

1. PR Discussion.
   
   1. WASM PR for BBS+ signatures.
   2. Some philosophical debate on how we should be handling signature crates.
   3. Is the plan going forward to have a unified zmix?Â  What's the approach for a zk language system.
2. Non-revocation range tree (Andrew) RFC.
   
   1. Needs a threat model, but idea looks good.
3. Discussion of cryptographic accumulators

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
