1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2020 notes](2020-notes_19611911.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2020-06-24 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Jun 24, 2020

1. Very brief discussion of announcements.
   
   1. We have a lot of people contributing for the first time.  This is great!
2. Discussion of main zmix structural RFC:  RFC PR #26
   
   1. Presentation from Mike.
   2. Some discussion on project structure.
   3. Explanation of feature flags vs subprojects.
   4. Pretty universal agreement that this was an excellent contribution.
3. Discussion of using github issues.
   
   1. Everyone seemed to be happy with this.
4. Discussion of projects consuming Ursa.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
