1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2020 notes](2020-notes_19611911.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2020-09-16 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Sep 16, 2020

1. Introduction of new participants:
   
   1. Mikeala and Philip from Scoir
2. Brief discussion of member summit stuff
   
   1. Dan was away and almost lost his kayak.
3. Discussion of post-quantum crypto.
   
   1. Users of Ursa do have demand for post-quantum crypto, particularly for key exchange.
   2. Forward secrecy is necessary.
4. Wrapper discussion
   
   1. We have a lot of wrappers for Ursa–where should we include them.
   2. We want to have separate folders for our wrappers.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
