1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2021 notes](2021-notes_19612027.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2021-06-23 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Jun 23, 2021

1. HGF wrap-up:
   
   1. People have a lot of questions about crypto in general.
   2. People want greater access to people that know crypto in general.
   3. "Crypto AMAs" are very popular.
   4. Incorporating feedback for discussion with David and Ry.
   5. This veered into our next agenda item:  where to put code contributions that aren't pure crypto protocols, but live directly on top of them.
   6. "If something is higher-level protocol agnostic, it should probably be in Ursa.  If it incorporates a higher-level protocol, it should be Aries."  Generally, communication implies higher-level protocol.
   7. We should coordinate our strategy with Aries.
2. Accumulator Stuff
   
   1. "Revocation registry"
   2. Government ID card, privilege to drive.
   3. DMV can revoke (e.g. DUI).  Causes an event to update registry.
   4. An outside observer should not be able to identify users of add/remove operations.  Better if adds/removes are indistinguishable, and numbers hidden too.  Differential privacy-style guarantees.
   5. Current approach:  optimized for proof computation.
   6. Maybe can take a hit on efficiency for privacy?
   7. Mike:  biggest problem is witness update.  Have to download "deltas."
      
      1. Some papers that aim to improve:  [https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/638](https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/638)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
