1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2021 notes](2021-notes_19612027.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2021-05-26 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on May 26, 2021

1. Announcements:  Nathan wants to talk about his PR at the end of the meeting.
2. Discussion on accumulator efficiency (Mike)
   
   1. Lots of strategies, we can figure out how to improve accumulators (but this is likely a research problem).
3. David Boswell:  how can we help spur contributions
   
   1. Some very useful ideas on marketing Ursa, and getting the word out there.
4. Nathan Nguyen
   
   1. PR discussion
   2. Refactoring stuff

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
