1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2021 notes](2021-notes_19612027.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2021-03-17 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Mar 17, 2021

1. Discussion of key resharing.
2. Discussion of getting more people involved–Mike is involved less, so we have slowed down as a project.
3. Dave Huseby–discussion of SSI
   
   1. This was a long and involved discussion, but we learned a lot.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
