1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_19603319.html)
5. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_19612025.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2021-03-03 Meeting Agenda

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified by Mike Lodder on Mar 03, 2021

1. Introductions/Discussion of any ad hoc items.
2. HGF Talks:  do we want to coordinate?
3. Follow-up on ZK frameworks (Avradip).
4. General adherence to Hyperledger standards (repolinter, etc.).
5. Hardware interface:  updates or interest?
6. Discussion on wrapping/signature interface.
7. Oberon protocol

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
