1. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Ursa (EOL)](19595269.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas and Notes](Meeting-Agendas-and-Notes_19603313.html)
4. [Meeting Notes](Meeting-Notes_19611649.html)
5. [2021 notes](2021-notes_19612027.html)

# Hyperledger Ursa (EOL) : 2021-07-21 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified on Jul 21, 2021

1. Discussion of ZK-interface like system that Mike and Avradip would like to contribute to Ursa.
   
   1. Going to put it in a new folder.
2. Introduction of Yolan Romailler.Â  Always great to have new people!
3. Discussion of security list reports.
   
   1. Choice of primes is subtle.
4. Accumulator discussion
   
   1. Long discussion on application situation.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
