00:04:34	Lance Byrd: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/ARIES/Aries+DIDCommV2+Working+Group+2023-01-16+meeting
00:14:28	hakan: https://github.com/sicpa-dlab/didcomm-python
00:18:02	Rodolfo Miranda: That’s the peer did from sicpa: https://github.com/sicpa-dlab/peer-did-python
00:20:51	hakan: https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/pull/1331
00:21:00	hakan: This is the preliminary work from Andrew Whitehead
00:35:00	hakan: https://github.com/naver/aries-framework-swift
00:37:20	Rodolfo Miranda: “I wanted to forward the following note about the creation of an IoT Special Interest Group in the Decentralized Identity Foundation community.  This may be of interest to people involved in identity related work in the Hyperledger community.

Participating in the IoT SIG does not require being a member of DIF so anyone here who is interested is welcome to go.  If someone is able to go it could be useful to have a discussion there about how our two communities could be collaborating more.”
00:37:24	Rodolfo Miranda: Yes, DIF
00:37:41	Bruce Conrad: Thank you, Rodo
00:41:25	Rodolfo Miranda: Link to Daniel’s GUT presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ksqVxeCAvqLjr67htWZ4JYaSnI8TUZIO7tDMF5npHTo/edit#slide=id.g138855cddd3_0_9
00:43:23	hakan: I do hope there will be no change in message structure with DIDComm v3
00:43:33	Alex: So what would it like to have a complete proposal for AIP 3?
00:43:35	Bruce Conrad: agreed
00:51:55	Rodolfo Miranda: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm/blob/main/agenda.md
00:52:38	Rodolfo Miranda: DID DIDComm Discord: https://discord.com/channels/900385725462229022/911224279885033533
00:52:52	Rodolfo Miranda: DIF DIDComm I mean
00:56:04	Alex: Can we extend the waci-didcomm interop profile https://identity.foundation/waci-didcomm/ with the some more didcomm protocols related to it
01:01:30	hakan: I will have to leave for the next meeting. Thank you all and see you in February.
