WEBVTT

1
00:47:19.990 --> 00:47:21.309
Hyperledger Community: Hey, Victor! Good morning!

2
00:47:23.610 --> 00:47:24.940
Victor Gridnevsky: Good morning.

3
00:47:25.010 --> 00:47:28.290
Hyperledger Community: It's it. The recordings for Zoom.

4
00:47:29.540 --> 00:47:31.209
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Thank you.

5
00:47:31.960 --> 00:47:48.669
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Welcome everybody to the first meeting of the Tsc. In January 2023, the January twelfth meeting. As you are probably all aware, the meetings that we have within the Hyper Ledger foundation

6
00:47:48.930 --> 00:47:56.260
Tracy Kuhrt: I must abide by 2 things. The first is the antitrust policy. Notice that is currently displayed on screen.

7
00:47:56.830 --> 00:47:58.410
Tracy Kuhrt: So there are

8
00:47:58.530 --> 00:48:03.479
Tracy Kuhrt: potential competitors in this meeting. Make sure that you're not doing anything that would

9
00:48:05.480 --> 00:48:07.040
Tracy Kuhrt: impact the

10
00:48:07.160 --> 00:48:12.459
Tracy Kuhrt: your and a trust and competition sort of laws that exist.

11
00:48:12.510 --> 00:48:16.910
Tracy Kuhrt: And the second thing that we must abide by is the code of conduct

12
00:48:17.520 --> 00:48:19.790
Tracy Kuhrt: which is linked in our agenda.

13
00:48:19.930 --> 00:48:30.940
Tracy Kuhrt: Basically, all are welcome here. Be respectful of the other people and their ideas and opinions and their thoughts, and we'll have some really good meetings this

14
00:48:30.960 --> 00:48:32.279
this term.

15
00:48:32.460 --> 00:48:45.230
Tracy Kuhrt: So with that, I think we have the agenda of 2 announcements. The first announcement is a standard announcement that you will hear every week that the Dev Weekly Developer Newsletter goes out each Friday.

16
00:48:45.380 --> 00:48:49.650
Tracy Kuhrt: If there is something that you would like to include in that newsletter.

17
00:48:49.720 --> 00:48:57.120
Tracy Kuhrt: Please leave a comment on the link there for the Wiki page that is in the agenda.

18
00:48:57.290 --> 00:49:00.219
Tracy Kuhrt: and it will go out on Friday.

19
00:49:00.570 --> 00:49:15.170
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the the second thing that I include it as an announcement is just. Obviously this is the first meeting of our new Toc, and so I want it to link in our Tsc. Responsibilities, so that everybody had a chance to

20
00:49:15.200 --> 00:49:17.709
Tracy Kuhrt: review what our responsibilities are

21
00:49:17.730 --> 00:49:27.400
Tracy Kuhrt: in that document. There is a list of obviously what's included in the Charter, and what it says that the Tsc. Is responsible for.

22
00:49:27.440 --> 00:49:32.350
Tracy Kuhrt: There are also some a specific highlights for Toc members, as far as

23
00:49:32.460 --> 00:49:36.639
Tracy Kuhrt: specific things that you must do, including

24
00:49:37.960 --> 00:49:44.550
Tracy Kuhrt: participating in these meetings and reviewing project updates and other sorts of things that might be

25
00:49:46.690 --> 00:49:56.840
Tracy Kuhrt: useful for you to review, as as you become a member, so I do want to take an opportunity here to to welcome all of the new members to the

26
00:49:57.020 --> 00:50:02.320
Tracy Kuhrt: really appreciate the the fact that you ran this year in that

27
00:50:02.640 --> 00:50:08.119
Tracy Kuhrt: you are elected so congratulations to everybody who was elected to the the

28
00:50:09.510 --> 00:50:13.329
Tracy Kuhrt: any other announcements that anybody has or would like to make

29
00:50:22.880 --> 00:50:23.540
Tracy Kuhrt: all right.

30
00:50:23.750 --> 00:50:32.450
Tracy Kuhrt: So don't see the hands coming up. That is probably something I should mention is just. We do use the raise hand feature during these meetings to make sure that

31
00:50:32.640 --> 00:50:34.710
Tracy Kuhrt: people have the opportunity to speak

32
00:50:34.770 --> 00:50:36.100
Tracy Kuhrt: and be heard.

33
00:50:36.240 --> 00:50:39.029
Tracy Kuhrt: and that there are no sort of

34
00:50:39.460 --> 00:50:45.229
Tracy Kuhrt: people just jumping in, so please do use the right hand feature as we continue through the meeting.

35
00:50:46.580 --> 00:50:53.839
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. With that we don't have any. Well, I guess we do a room, your hand coming up

36
00:50:55.900 --> 00:51:04.039
Arun S M: right, and it's just like to tell all the new welcome to welcome new members. And then I know we have certain rules

37
00:51:04.230 --> 00:51:08.490
Arun S M: on like raising hands and then talking through. But please don't be

38
00:51:08.640 --> 00:51:15.009
Arun S M: imposed by like what you know, and what you don't know, feel free to is up your opinions and voices.

39
00:51:15.180 --> 00:51:19.399
Arun S M: We're happy to help you through the journey through the integration.

40
00:51:19.550 --> 00:51:20.210
That's it.

41
00:51:21.880 --> 00:51:23.480
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Thanks. For

42
00:51:24.150 --> 00:51:25.209
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Marcus.

43
00:51:25.880 --> 00:51:34.859
Marcus Brandenburger: Yeah. Hi. Everyone. This is Marcus speaking? I mean. I want to quickly say hello to all of you. I mean I haven't had the chance yet to speak to all of us.

44
00:51:34.920 --> 00:51:45.879
Marcus Brandenburger: So. My proposal for this meeting would also be a very brief round of introduction for everyone who is here on the to see and new

45
00:51:46.160 --> 00:51:47.020
Marcus Brandenburger: the board.

46
00:51:50.390 --> 00:51:54.120
Tracy Kuhrt: Sure, we could do that. I had thought about doing that, and

47
00:51:54.170 --> 00:52:02.849
Tracy Kuhrt: didn't know if people wanted to to take the time to do that. But we can definitely do a round of introductions for for everybody on the call.

48
00:52:02.900 --> 00:52:11.799
Tracy Kuhrt: So I guess that's since whoever is sharing the scroll down to the list. Let's do this in the order in which it's listening here.

49
00:52:11.880 --> 00:52:15.129
Tracy Kuhrt: So, Arnold, you want to say hello and give a short introduction.

50
00:52:15.780 --> 00:52:22.989
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yes, hi, everybody. Well, i'm one of the dinosaurs of Hyper Ledger. I've been involved in this since the very beginning.

51
00:52:23.160 --> 00:52:31.069
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and it's still around. I'm part of the open technology group at Ibm, and I tried to help make this effort successful.

52
00:52:33.360 --> 00:52:34.860
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't know a room.

53
00:52:37.780 --> 00:52:41.030
Arun S M: hey, Allen.

54
00:52:41.470 --> 00:52:42.600
Arun S M: so

55
00:52:43.200 --> 00:52:44.259
i'm

56
00:52:44.470 --> 00:52:47.419
Arun S M: i'm excited to be again in the

57
00:52:47.800 --> 00:52:48.870
so

58
00:52:48.980 --> 00:52:55.770
Arun S M: it this has been quite a journey, and there are not.

59
00:52:56.270 --> 00:52:57.260
Arun S M: I'll see you.

60
00:52:57.280 --> 00:53:08.520
Arun S M: It's. It's exciting to see the next one years, and especially with different things that we have been planning in different kind of meetings that have been meeting too involved in the last couple of weeks.

61
00:53:08.960 --> 00:53:11.390
Arun S M: Yeah, Looking forward to working with you.

62
00:53:13.300 --> 00:53:15.300
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, excellent Bobby.

63
00:53:16.470 --> 00:53:29.790
Bobbi Muscara: Hi, everybody! I am glad to be back on the to see. I come from the education side of things, so I am focused on on boarding people spreading

64
00:53:29.800 --> 00:53:40.150
Bobbi Muscara: great materials through the community. So it's accessible to everybody, and i'm looking forward to another year of this great

65
00:53:40.610 --> 00:53:42.100
Bobbi Muscara: endeavor. Thanks.

66
00:53:43.300 --> 00:53:44.919
Tracy Kuhrt: alright. Thanks, Bobby.

67
00:53:45.640 --> 00:53:53.820
David Enyeart: Hello, I guess i'm getting close to dinosaur status as well as or no. I've been a long time maintainer of hyper ledger fabric.

68
00:53:53.860 --> 00:54:00.059
David Enyeart: and then, after a couple of years of that became kind of the release manager and point person for a lot of things on fabric.

69
00:54:00.810 --> 00:54:03.730
David Enyeart: So i'm looking forward to another year. Here.

70
00:54:05.420 --> 00:54:06.889
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Marcus.

71
00:54:07.370 --> 00:54:21.000
Marcus Brandenburger: Yeah. So this is Marcus again. So i'm a rich and research staff member at Ibm Research in Zurich My day to day life. I'm contributing to a couple of labs, and also

72
00:54:21.320 --> 00:54:32.850
Marcus Brandenburger: in particular, the the fabric Token, SDK the fabric smart client, but I'm. Also running the fabric project, which is a part of fabric, apparently.

73
00:54:32.910 --> 00:54:44.699
Marcus Brandenburger: Yeah, i'm super glad to help this year our community with all my expertise, which I've gathered in my time with hyperlature. I think that's

74
00:54:44.750 --> 00:54:47.579
Marcus Brandenburger: i'm in since 2,008.

75
00:54:48.060 --> 00:54:56.679
Marcus Brandenburger: I'm not wrong. And yes, I would really contribute back by I mean helping you guys and the community here in this committee.

76
00:54:57.510 --> 00:54:58.160
Thanks.

77
00:54:59.500 --> 00:55:00.510
Tracy Kuhrt: Welcome, Marcus.

78
00:55:00.810 --> 00:55:01.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah.

79
00:55:04.360 --> 00:55:07.770
Stephen Curran: Hello, Steve Current. I'm: from

80
00:55:07.870 --> 00:55:17.050
Stephen Curran: the digital identity side of of Hyper Ledger Indie started with, or join dairy's or

81
00:55:17.110 --> 00:55:26.169
Stephen Curran: help to initiate areas, I mean, and then a non cred as well. So that's primarily focused. I'm trying to help out a bit where I can in in as well.

82
00:55:26.300 --> 00:55:31.470
Stephen Curran: and looking forward to learning about the other hyper ledger projects which I've

83
00:55:31.520 --> 00:55:34.459
Stephen Curran: not dabbled in too much, and so, looking forward to that.

84
00:55:34.930 --> 00:55:36.469
Stephen Curran: and glad to be here.

85
00:55:38.060 --> 00:55:39.560
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright I can see

86
00:55:39.710 --> 00:55:40.430
Tracy Kuhrt: Kimo

87
00:55:42.270 --> 00:55:47.859
Timo Glastra: Hi, Timo definitely not a dinosaur

88
00:55:48.240 --> 00:56:02.479
Timo Glastra: quite new, but a few years within high pleasure, and also mostly in full with the identity project. So Hyper Ledger, Indie Hyper Ledger a. And now recently, also, the new Ipad License project.

89
00:56:03.070 --> 00:56:11.509
Timo Glastra: Yeah, excited to also learn about other projects. Because, yeah as well, Steven said, not not too familiar with the other project.

90
00:56:13.770 --> 00:56:15.970
Tracy Kuhrt: Welcome to you both. And Rama.

91
00:56:17.760 --> 00:56:25.860
Ramakrishna V: Hi, I'm: Rama, Another one of the Ibm is I work for Ibm Research, India. I'm. A senior researcher.

92
00:56:25.990 --> 00:56:41.109
Ramakrishna V: I'm not a dinosaur, either, but I I've been long around long enough to remember when I apologize, was called open blockchain. So I've been around recently the past 3, 4 years. I've been interested in everything to the interoperability.

93
00:56:41.120 --> 00:56:51.100
Ramakrishna V: I believe maintenance of the Viva project, which recently, as you all know, been rolled into the cacti project, has a mojo with cactus.

94
00:56:51.110 --> 00:57:06.929
Ramakrishna V: so I am the goal of interoperability, though we envisioned it as a connection between different distributed ledgers. You can also think about it as a way to create an integrated

95
00:57:06.940 --> 00:57:26.100
Ramakrishna V: or or more of an integration between the different hyperbolic projects. So I've been looking at the different apple as a project, and I think there's a lot of scope for us to get the different projects to be compatible with each other, and so that when somebody looks at the Hyperlanger project suite they can, they can

96
00:57:26.280 --> 00:57:44.500
Ramakrishna V: take whatever they want, be it disability, ledger, middleware, tool, and everything. And it it's some. It's a one place it's a one stop shop for all for the entire browsing. So that's something that really drives me, and I hope to make some inroads into that this year.

97
00:57:46.630 --> 00:57:48.040
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Rama.

98
00:57:48.310 --> 00:57:58.049
Tracy Kuhrt: and I guess I should do an introduction to myself as well. So i'm Tracey Kurt. I work for expensure, going on almost 4 years now at etcetera.

99
00:57:58.260 --> 00:58:08.710
Tracy Kuhrt: and I got my start in the hyper ledger space as well. When I, the ledger fabric, was the open blockchain platform. So back in 2,015

100
00:58:08.910 --> 00:58:11.819
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of timeframe is when I started my blockchain journey.

101
00:58:11.950 --> 00:58:21.790
Tracy Kuhrt: I obviously spent this in a while a number of you know, as the Hyper Ledger to architect at some point in my past, and

102
00:58:21.840 --> 00:58:27.790
Tracy Kuhrt: currently the a hyper Ledger lab Stewart, as well as the chair of the

103
00:58:27.830 --> 00:58:33.680
Tracy Kuhrt: for Hyper Ledger, so welcome everybody who is new to the call.

104
00:58:34.200 --> 00:58:41.379
Tracy Kuhrt: I do notice that I think we have a few community members on the call today as well as staff members.

105
00:58:42.530 --> 00:58:50.709
Tracy Kuhrt: so I didn't know if anybody else wanted to take an opportunity to introduce themselves while we're doing the introductions. Feel free to

106
00:58:51.500 --> 00:58:52.799
Tracy Kuhrt: do that now.

107
00:58:59.770 --> 00:59:00.459
Tracy Kuhrt: Victor.

108
00:59:01.120 --> 00:59:02.100
Victor Gridnevsky: Sure.

109
00:59:02.530 --> 00:59:06.629
Victor Gridnevsky: So i'm victor, i'm helping mostly with

110
00:59:06.880 --> 00:59:08.660
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm from

111
00:59:08.870 --> 00:59:14.900
generally, I'm. Addressing the documentation and technical support side. But sometimes i'm digging in the code.

112
00:59:15.690 --> 00:59:17.459
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah, actually quite a lot.

113
00:59:17.840 --> 00:59:21.429
Victor Gridnevsky: So any questions you guys

114
00:59:21.600 --> 00:59:24.870
Victor Gridnevsky: something that I can help with.

115
00:59:25.070 --> 00:59:33.780
Victor Gridnevsky: And also, if you have a questions regarding the or the site, I will be attending, or some meetings, and try to help as well.

116
00:59:36.000 --> 00:59:38.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Well welcome back to

117
00:59:39.660 --> 00:59:45.479
Tracy Kuhrt: anybody else like to take the opportunity to introduce themselves before we move on with the agenda.

118
00:59:55.120 --> 00:59:57.810
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Well, you are completely happy to

119
00:59:57.840 --> 01:00:01.429
Tracy Kuhrt: look here, participate, feel free to

120
01:00:01.480 --> 01:00:08.779
Tracy Kuhrt: at any point. Jump in, raise your hand, and add your thoughts in in your

121
01:00:09.670 --> 01:00:15.740
Tracy Kuhrt: opinions to the meeting, so we're completely open to anybody who wants to to participate.

122
01:00:17.260 --> 01:00:25.990
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. So then, I guess, for quarterly reports, we do have the report that is still outstanding from December.

123
01:00:26.080 --> 01:00:29.199
Tracy Kuhrt: I know that there's been some

124
01:00:30.210 --> 01:00:37.839
Tracy Kuhrt: meetings that have attempted to be held in the community, but it's it's maybe not a good time for the the people who are participating there.

125
01:00:37.940 --> 01:00:40.459
Tracy Kuhrt: So we we do want to try and

126
01:00:40.560 --> 01:00:48.779
Tracy Kuhrt: figure out how to get that group really kicked off here in the New Year and see if we can get them to do some updates as far as what's happening there.

127
01:00:49.100 --> 01:00:49.930
Tracy Kuhrt: Steve.

128
01:00:51.100 --> 01:00:53.959
Victor Gridnevsky: Sure, I will try to address this.

129
01:00:54.450 --> 01:00:56.189
Stephen Curran: I I did a report

130
01:00:56.850 --> 01:01:01.189
Stephen Curran: late in 2022. Was that not the Q. 4, or was that the Q. 3?

131
01:01:01.560 --> 01:01:04.649
Tracy Kuhrt: That that was the Q. 3.

132
01:01:04.680 --> 01:01:16.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, it was. It was interesting, right? Because when you did that I think it was shortly before the came up on the calendar. And so it was kind of like. Do we ask for the Q. 4 one? Do we not ask for the

133
01:01:16.840 --> 01:01:23.870
Tracy Kuhrt: So I've I've left it on here because we we weren't quite sure what to do with that. But yeah, if you want to.

134
01:01:23.890 --> 01:01:28.229
Tracy Kuhrt: if you and maybe Victor went to work on that together, that would be great.

135
01:01:28.770 --> 01:01:30.200
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay.

136
01:01:32.950 --> 01:01:46.759
Tracy Kuhrt: all right, and then we do have 2 reports that are due today. I could see, Dave. You had requested the link for reports to show up in the right spot so hopefully we'll get the fabric, and I guess

137
01:01:46.830 --> 01:01:53.820
Tracy Kuhrt: I need to be better about changing that to cacti. I that you'd say, have a larger tech day. Those reports are due

138
01:01:53.910 --> 01:01:56.250
Tracy Kuhrt: today, so we'll hopefully see those and

139
01:01:56.270 --> 01:01:59.590
Tracy Kuhrt: get those to be reviewed for next week.

140
01:02:02.110 --> 01:02:03.879
Ry Jones: alright, and so then

141
01:02:04.400 --> 01:02:06.320
Ry Jones: hasn't changed yet.

142
01:02:07.830 --> 01:02:09.790
Ry Jones: The the name for Cactus Hasn't

143
01:02:10.660 --> 01:02:13.450
Ry Jones: changed yet. We're still waiting on the code. Merge.

144
01:02:14.030 --> 01:02:14.669
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

145
01:02:14.790 --> 01:02:15.439
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright.

146
01:02:16.550 --> 01:02:28.459
Ramakrishna V: yeah, yeah, just just wanted to. I got that point. So we have a. I I guess we were the kind of the blockers there because we were waiting for some outstanding Pr: to be completed.

147
01:02:28.920 --> 01:02:37.090
Ramakrishna V: It's it's basically done. I'm going to message Rye and get some time from him as soon as I can try to get this done

148
01:02:37.120 --> 01:02:41.939
Ramakrishna V: sometimes the middle of next week. So yeah, but yeah, you can. From now on we can

149
01:02:42.040 --> 01:02:55.549
Ramakrishna V: probably submit reports for cacti. In fact, the update that was, we submitted earlier today, or I think it was yesterday that contains updates on both cactus, and we were so. It was meant to be a

150
01:02:56.520 --> 01:02:57.089
Tracy Kuhrt: great

151
01:02:57.400 --> 01:02:58.579
Tracy Kuhrt: thanks for that.

152
01:03:00.950 --> 01:03:08.810
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so the main. The main topic for today is really to discuss goals for our 2023 to.

153
01:03:08.890 --> 01:03:16.259
Tracy Kuhrt: So this is really an open discussion to try to figure out what people are interested in. Obviously we have a set of

154
01:03:16.490 --> 01:03:31.640
Tracy Kuhrt: both new members, as well as returning members to the the Toc, and so like to spend some time just thinking about some of the things that we would like to work on. I see if there is potentially any sort of task forces that we might want to kick off.

155
01:03:31.660 --> 01:03:38.330
Tracy Kuhrt: Besides the continuing continuation of the Security task force as it's ongoing.

156
01:03:38.390 --> 01:03:40.769
So those are, I think, really the

157
01:03:42.110 --> 01:03:46.170
Tracy Kuhrt: sorts of conversations that I want to have and see what people are thinking.

158
01:03:57.980 --> 01:04:02.119
Tracy Kuhrt: It's going to be the first person to raise their hand and

159
01:04:02.240 --> 01:04:06.800
Tracy Kuhrt: talk about what it is they'd like to see the Tfc. Accomplished this year.

160
01:04:09.120 --> 01:04:10.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Victor.

161
01:04:12.000 --> 01:04:17.830
Victor Gridnevsky: So, hopefully, we can get also going ahead this here

162
01:04:17.870 --> 01:04:30.720
Victor Gridnevsky: and hopefully, it's in more major state when it's in, because the some security issues to fix, and

163
01:04:30.940 --> 01:04:32.509
Victor Gridnevsky: well maybe some

164
01:04:32.940 --> 01:04:38.969
Victor Gridnevsky: good quality stuff. So because it kind of stopped at some point. Well.

165
01:04:39.780 --> 01:04:42.110
Victor Gridnevsky: on several occasions.

166
01:04:42.750 --> 01:04:46.909
Victor Gridnevsky: I guess that's it for me, but I feel like it's quite important.

167
01:04:49.310 --> 01:04:50.740
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Thanks, Victor

168
01:04:50.820 --> 01:04:51.529
Tracy Kuhrt: Rama.

169
01:04:52.800 --> 01:05:12.289
Ramakrishna V: Yeah. So just following on what I said earlier, I. I do want to try and get to like talk to the different different project maintainers to figure out how they can be compatible with each other. That's that is, you know, different projects are on niches now. They can

170
01:05:12.300 --> 01:05:17.920
Ramakrishna V: depend on a different project for to solve a particular purpose. For example.

171
01:05:17.940 --> 01:05:25.919
Ramakrishna V: Firefly as a middleware for a multi blockchain. Application can depend on something like

172
01:05:25.990 --> 01:05:44.170
Ramakrishna V: cacti for underlying and probability protocols. We can have c cacti depending on or so for all of its security mechanism needs, and so on. So what I think I see, and I don't know how closely the different project maintainers are working together, or they're even aware of

173
01:05:44.180 --> 01:06:02.029
Ramakrishna V: what the others probably are doing. But there may be a lot of reuniting of these going on because the different projects. So I want to make sure that we try to eliminate redundancy as much as possible, and try to have particular projects. Be the repositories that other policies can depend on, like our software as the canonical

174
01:06:02.040 --> 01:06:09.100
Ramakrishna V: repository for security mechanism. So this is sort of I have some great thoughts on this. Hopefully, i'll press these out as a year by.

175
01:06:11.620 --> 01:06:12.649
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you

176
01:06:13.020 --> 01:06:13.770
Tracy Kuhrt: or no.

177
01:06:14.790 --> 01:06:19.049
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yes, so I mean to the risk of something like a

178
01:06:19.130 --> 01:06:21.120
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I can make her to the.

179
01:06:21.350 --> 01:06:25.170
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): to, to the past members of the to.

180
01:06:25.660 --> 01:06:32.900
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): but also in keeping with what they are touched on, you know, and for those who don't know I, you know

181
01:06:33.040 --> 01:06:46.139
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I spend most of my time now focusing on open Ssf. Which is a sister project to high the nature within the Linux foundation, and which, you know, focuses on

182
01:06:46.280 --> 01:06:50.839
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): securing the open source software supply chain.

183
01:06:50.940 --> 01:07:09.539
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): And so we started looking into this last year. We didn't really get to with it was hoping for, which is, and I hope we can do that this year is for the to see to really shepherd, you know, establishing policies with regard to how

184
01:07:09.550 --> 01:07:24.050
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): we deal with the security of open of the the software. We're developing in the Hyper Ledger across the different projects. I think we do need to improve a security posture, as we call it now, and

185
01:07:24.260 --> 01:07:28.770
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I'm very hoping that we can succeed in this this year.

186
01:07:31.540 --> 01:07:37.329
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, thanks for that. I don't know. I think that's a a really important topic for us to to talk through this year.

187
01:07:37.480 --> 01:07:44.770
Tracy Kuhrt: I do know that in the Governing Board meeting that we had in December that was a topic that came up as well.

188
01:07:44.800 --> 01:07:52.610
Tracy Kuhrt: It's it's making sure that we're putting together the the best practices for security across our projects. And so I think it's

189
01:07:52.690 --> 01:08:12.440
Tracy Kuhrt: definitely going to be a topic of conversation that we need to continue and to to really focus on that task force that exists to to really come out with, what are these best practices? And how can we consistently apply those practices across the different Hyper ledger projects? So

190
01:08:12.450 --> 01:08:14.640
thank you for bringing that one up

191
01:08:14.780 --> 01:08:18.790
Tracy Kuhrt: as a topic, because it is, it is top of mind. Okay, for a lot of people

192
01:08:20.390 --> 01:08:21.160
Tracy Kuhrt: a room.

193
01:08:23.200 --> 01:08:25.000
Arun S M: right? So

194
01:08:25.569 --> 01:08:30.210
Arun S M: one of the things that does help. Priority is in terms of

195
01:08:30.319 --> 01:08:33.610
Arun S M: like speeding up the adoption or improving the adoption

196
01:08:33.660 --> 01:08:38.620
Arun S M: so specially. It's some of the challenges that we have. We we have been facing is in terms of

197
01:08:38.760 --> 01:08:42.479
Arun S M: lack of tolling, support itself again when it comes to

198
01:08:42.560 --> 01:08:49.920
Arun S M: the speed of an option. So when we talk about blockchain related our blockchain, the multi-party system applications.

199
01:08:50.250 --> 01:08:56.940
Arun S M: The value, I is understood, like it's no more question. Of people asking

200
01:08:57.050 --> 01:09:04.810
Arun S M: value adds for our use case or is this going to all our business problem statements? The question rather now nowadays that we are facing is

201
01:09:05.160 --> 01:09:22.050
Arun S M: okay. Let's say we adopt this. So what's the benefit, we would be the only person adopting it. So the the Foster adoption would require us to develop additional building around it, so which means we need to foster projects that would

202
01:09:22.350 --> 01:09:31.200
Arun S M: bring in additional capability. For instance, it could be as it it could really like. For instance, it could be

203
01:09:31.290 --> 01:09:38.279
Arun S M: even the simple, validation or verification frame of the formal validation of smart contracts. There is no standard way of how do we do that?

204
01:09:38.510 --> 01:09:43.049
Arun S M: Or it could be no way of having unified tools for deployment.

205
01:09:43.080 --> 01:09:45.220
Arun S M: or it could be in available

206
01:09:45.810 --> 01:09:47.580
Arun S M: having the

207
01:09:47.990 --> 01:09:48.559
Oh.

208
01:09:48.729 --> 01:09:49.389
Arun S M: oh.

209
01:09:49.779 --> 01:09:54.359
Arun S M: inter of support which the calendar for captive team is putting into.

210
01:09:54.610 --> 01:10:00.570
Arun S M: and then having frameworks like pay room route, being brought into mainstream as as a mainstream Microsoft project.

211
01:10:00.920 --> 01:10:01.900
Arun S M: so

212
01:10:02.360 --> 01:10:06.120
Arun S M: that my priorities for the year would follow this. Now

213
01:10:07.220 --> 01:10:09.939
Arun S M: see what we can do through the year.

214
01:10:10.360 --> 01:10:11.630
Arun S M: Now I'm on my side.

215
01:10:14.540 --> 01:10:15.919
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Thank you.

216
01:10:17.030 --> 01:10:17.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Stephen.

217
01:10:20.660 --> 01:10:22.980
Stephen Curran: Yeah, I think i'm there.

218
01:10:23.160 --> 01:10:26.879
Stephen Curran: play off a little of what was said earlier

219
01:10:27.260 --> 01:10:35.169
Stephen Curran: reference and things we found with Andy, which is really try to come up with a

220
01:10:36.550 --> 01:10:47.730
Stephen Curran: best practices and guidance, and help whatever we can do for projects to be able to have automated pipelines that produce artifacts that that

221
01:10:48.010 --> 01:10:53.489
Stephen Curran: make it dead simple for somebody to make a contribution and actually have it come out the other end.

222
01:10:53.590 --> 01:10:59.349
Stephen Curran: Indie just went through a really long and painful exercise to

223
01:10:59.360 --> 01:11:20.389
Stephen Curran: update its pipeline, so that when you make a co change it actually can be produce can produce an output versus it. Doesn't have that? I asked that the other day or recently, somebody put in just like a dependency update. We need to update this dependency to this and the act of actually producing an artifact from that is painful. And so

224
01:11:20.690 --> 01:11:22.459
Stephen Curran: it it is a

225
01:11:22.790 --> 01:11:29.779
Stephen Curran: difficult thing that i'm hoping that across the projects we can come up with good practices and

226
01:11:29.800 --> 01:11:34.260
borrow learnings, and so on, to make it easier to

227
01:11:34.830 --> 01:11:51.829
Stephen Curran: it it to have each project able to produce those in a in a in a fully automated way. It's a lot of work I know that. So it's not easy, but but I certainly encourage it. We're getting better at the various projects i'm involved with. But it's hard.

228
01:11:54.620 --> 01:11:55.689
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Thank you.

229
01:11:56.140 --> 01:11:56.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Marcus.

230
01:11:57.780 --> 01:12:27.519
Marcus Brandenburger: Yeah. So I wanted to add something to what a note suggested, recording the security, back processing and conducting. There is an order also to share it with different communities under the Linux foundation. But I was also thinking that not only the security best touches, but also our processes. We have established with the hyperlature and other vehicles, like the concept of the maps which does not exist for many other open source communities.

231
01:12:27.730 --> 01:12:45.459
Marcus Brandenburger: This is something really valuable, I I believe, was to be out of here, or maybe not even develop. But definitely we have that here in place, and could be could be shared with other project as well. But, on the other hand, I I also believe that there are other concepts used

232
01:12:45.520 --> 01:13:02.299
Marcus Brandenburger: and and different projects which we should maybe also try to adopt, and I think I mean, I I believe the role of that, you see is here. Then I mean to basically see what are the needs and understand what are the needs of our community.

233
01:13:02.330 --> 01:13:03.410
And

234
01:13:03.460 --> 01:13:08.509
Marcus Brandenburger: what are my, what processes I may be broken? What what do you?

235
01:13:09.000 --> 01:13:10.989
Marcus Brandenburger: What does not work so well

236
01:13:11.070 --> 01:13:16.570
Marcus Brandenburger: for us? Are there any other concepts which we can basically borrow from

237
01:13:17.470 --> 01:13:22.680
Marcus Brandenburger: that? That's what I wanted to add to on those suggestions.

238
01:13:23.050 --> 01:13:28.040
Marcus Brandenburger: And so what I also believe should be

239
01:13:28.270 --> 01:13:35.260
Marcus Brandenburger: a goal of that you see this year is to, I mean, try to help the community to streamline

240
01:13:35.390 --> 01:13:53.290
Marcus Brandenburger: the ease of use of our different projects, because I'm: i'm saying that because I remember from the last happened that our global form many people were I mean users of of our projects were saying, oh, they are so difficult to use, I mean.

241
01:13:53.430 --> 01:14:00.469
Marcus Brandenburger: Then they explained how to difficult is to set up a test network for a hypothetical fabric, for instance, right.

242
01:14:00.570 --> 01:14:07.929
Marcus Brandenburger: And then there were some talks, and they said, Well, I mean it's so easy to set it up just just to exist in this, and then you're done.

243
01:14:08.120 --> 01:14:09.429
Marcus Brandenburger: But if you

244
01:14:09.580 --> 01:14:10.700
look

245
01:14:10.720 --> 01:14:20.799
Marcus Brandenburger: more closely, then maybe you notice that sometimes it works so nicely and easy, because the sacrifice security to some extent.

246
01:14:20.990 --> 01:14:33.540
Marcus Brandenburger: and I think there that, you see, should should try to. I mean to to to help. I mean that we are. We are not losing the nice security benefits. We get through this to build ledger technologies

247
01:14:35.530 --> 01:14:38.750
by just i'm making it easier to use.

248
01:14:38.850 --> 01:14:41.700
Marcus Brandenburger: because I I guess I mean it must be

249
01:14:42.080 --> 01:14:44.760
Marcus Brandenburger: not so easy to set up a distributed system right

250
01:14:46.440 --> 01:14:49.070
Marcus Brandenburger: that I wanted to you to to bring here on the table.

251
01:14:52.870 --> 01:14:55.589
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Marcus. Promo.

252
01:14:57.540 --> 01:15:05.659
Ramakrishna V: Yeah, thanks. I I I I want to ask a question, have passed the 2 Cs or Ts is considered

253
01:15:05.800 --> 01:15:09.550
Ramakrishna V: providing some kind of a permanent test that for people to spin up

254
01:15:09.860 --> 01:15:11.370
Ramakrishna V: different

255
01:15:11.780 --> 01:15:17.540
Ramakrishna V: networks and and apply different tools like drawn from the Hyper ledger. Projects

256
01:15:18.760 --> 01:15:24.090
Ramakrishna V: like this relates to what I think Marcus is saying is, people find it hard to

257
01:15:24.490 --> 01:15:26.809
Ramakrishna V: like. Set up the network sometimes.

258
01:15:28.610 --> 01:15:33.220
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think there has been discussions of test beds and

259
01:15:33.410 --> 01:15:39.470
Tracy Kuhrt: test infrastructure. I I think it boils down to cost. And how do we cover those costs?

260
01:15:39.750 --> 01:15:43.119
Tracy Kuhrt: Is what it really comes down to? So

261
01:15:43.460 --> 01:15:46.069
I think that's been the the biggest challenge.

262
01:15:46.450 --> 01:15:48.230
Tracy Kuhrt: and anybody who has

263
01:15:48.540 --> 01:15:54.039
Tracy Kuhrt: knowledge otherwise, or or knowledge. Specifically, you know, we would like to add to that place to

264
01:15:57.210 --> 01:16:00.550
Ry Jones: sure that's something that we've

265
01:16:01.110 --> 01:16:04.160
Ry Jones: talked about basically since Daisy row.

266
01:16:04.190 --> 01:16:06.600
Ry Jones: setting up test nuts.

267
01:16:06.810 --> 01:16:08.699
Ry Jones: and it does come down to cost

268
01:16:10.440 --> 01:16:12.429
Ry Jones: and expectation of support.

269
01:16:12.860 --> 01:16:17.150
Ry Jones: One of the big things that we ran into

270
01:16:17.190 --> 01:16:25.810
Ry Jones: following the workshop that we did last year was there was a test network that was set up for the workshop, and we continued to get questions about.

271
01:16:26.140 --> 01:16:28.920
Ry Jones: Where did the stuff that I did during the workshop. Go.

272
01:16:29.740 --> 01:16:34.809
Ry Jones: and we, you know the the people who ran that testnet only ran out for like 3 days.

273
01:16:36.320 --> 01:16:40.569
Ry Jones: So there's some expectation, saying that would need to happen with the community about

274
01:16:40.730 --> 01:16:43.690
Ry Jones: the test net is a test net, and it will go away

275
01:16:46.230 --> 01:16:51.180
Ry Jones: so it it. It's a little more complex than just spin some stuff up and let people test.

276
01:16:52.290 --> 01:16:53.519
Yeah, I think that

277
01:16:55.750 --> 01:16:57.750
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, to know.

278
01:16:59.920 --> 01:17:09.539
Timo Glastra: Yeah, I I actually had a small comments about like Stevens thing, on like pipelines, and making sure

279
01:17:09.550 --> 01:17:23.329
Timo Glastra: we have relevant artifacts. Is that, like, for example, for the library, it's by coins that a colleague of mine made a cool request for that a few months ago.

280
01:17:23.340 --> 01:17:32.580
Timo Glastra: But it hasn't been looked at March, and I think that's maybe also a problem. I think, especially, for example, with the Ursa project that Isn't very actively maintained that

281
01:17:32.960 --> 01:17:35.969
Timo Glastra: there's maybe not always ownership. Then over who?

282
01:17:36.040 --> 01:17:37.240
Yeah

283
01:17:37.410 --> 01:17:39.420
Timo Glastra: reviews those pull requests?

284
01:17:43.920 --> 01:17:45.370
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Kimo.

285
01:17:45.540 --> 01:17:46.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

286
01:17:47.950 --> 01:18:04.349
David Enyeart: Yeah. My kind of follows on some of the other ones around good practices. We heard about like security best practices and and Ci pipeline good practices. But I think it'd be nice to pull that together into an overall project good practices or best practices.

287
01:18:04.480 --> 01:18:11.320
David Enyeart: We have, like the checklist that we did last year, which is, I think, a good start. But I think we can go further than that and say.

288
01:18:11.570 --> 01:18:23.410
David Enyeart: these are the different things you need to think about for a project, and maybe they link to a deep dive like a deep link to a deep dive on security, good practices and ci good practices.

289
01:18:23.420 --> 01:18:39.389
David Enyeart: But overall I think there's a lot of considerations for managing a project that people need to consider, and if you're bringing a new project in, or or you're a new maintainer. You probably don't know a lot about a lot of those things, so you know, even like there's a lot of Github settings. It's hard to know which ones are recommended.

290
01:18:39.400 --> 01:18:56.180
David Enyeart: We've had conversation in the past week about Zen Hub versus Github projects for managing backlogs of issues things like that. So there's just a whole host of things I think it'd be good to have like a one stop shop kind of umbrella location that we can then link off to for these different aspects.

291
01:18:59.330 --> 01:19:00.639
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks, Dave.

292
01:19:05.170 --> 01:19:13.529
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright so i'm not seeing any hands at the moment. So i'm just going to kind of go through the list that I've heard so far to see if it

293
01:19:13.770 --> 01:19:15.679
Tracy Kuhrt: sparks any other ideas.

294
01:19:15.920 --> 01:19:22.600
Tracy Kuhrt: Really, I think Project Health came up a couple of times related to Ersa. And how do we improve the project? How

295
01:19:22.950 --> 01:19:32.039
Tracy Kuhrt: the compatibility across projects and eliminating redundancy is? It is another item. Security came out multiple times

296
01:19:32.240 --> 01:19:36.220
increasing adoption via I mean tooling and validation.

297
01:19:36.440 --> 01:19:43.349
Tracy Kuhrt: Best practices came up in different context. We just heard from from Dave about, You know. Maybe it's

298
01:19:43.510 --> 01:19:45.510
Tracy Kuhrt: project best practices

299
01:19:45.570 --> 01:19:50.570
Tracy Kuhrt: that includes best practices for security, for automated pipelines for

300
01:19:50.620 --> 01:19:55.989
Tracy Kuhrt: project management. For how we configure github that sort of thing.

301
01:19:56.090 --> 01:19:58.499
Tracy Kuhrt: I heard that

302
01:19:58.520 --> 01:19:59.450
Tracy Kuhrt: there's

303
01:19:59.690 --> 01:20:08.589
Tracy Kuhrt: some processes that we might want to either bring to other communities or bring other communities processes into hyper ledger.

304
01:20:09.010 --> 01:20:13.350
Tracy Kuhrt: really understanding what other projects do and what we might want to adopt. From there

305
01:20:13.690 --> 01:20:17.200
Tracy Kuhrt: there is the streamlining, the

306
01:20:18.160 --> 01:20:26.530
Tracy Kuhrt: the ease of use, right? So I think that goes hand in hand with some of the adoption piece, but really streamlining it

307
01:20:26.560 --> 01:20:29.499
Tracy Kuhrt: and making sure that it's easy to

308
01:20:29.610 --> 01:20:31.269
Tracy Kuhrt: start up, maybe a

309
01:20:31.750 --> 01:20:34.240
Tracy Kuhrt: a different blockchain network and

310
01:20:34.260 --> 01:20:42.290
Tracy Kuhrt: still ensure that we're taking into account things like security. And and how would we run this in a a healthy way?

311
01:20:42.430 --> 01:20:48.729
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think those are the the topics that I've captured? I think there's another one which a lot of the

312
01:20:48.970 --> 01:20:56.370
Tracy Kuhrt: returning Tosc members are going to hate me for bringing up. But it is something that the covering board had a discussion about

313
01:20:56.530 --> 01:21:02.909
Tracy Kuhrt: which is really related to the status or the health of projects. And how do we

314
01:21:03.040 --> 01:21:09.839
Tracy Kuhrt: ensure that projects are remaining healthy, either through some sort of badging process, or through some sort of

315
01:21:10.000 --> 01:21:15.029
Tracy Kuhrt: listing of what it requires for projects that have graduated.

316
01:21:16.090 --> 01:21:23.820
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, right now our project life cycle is a Ford only life cycle, and and there's been discussions about whether that life cycle

317
01:21:24.140 --> 01:21:30.480
Tracy Kuhrt: process needs to change your needs to be enhanced in any way, shape or form. I think we've had this discussion

318
01:21:30.640 --> 01:21:39.089
Tracy Kuhrt: at least once for the past 3 years, if not longer. But I do think it is something that we do need to see if we can come to

319
01:21:39.220 --> 01:21:44.250
Tracy Kuhrt: some sort of resolution about how do we? How do we go about handling that?

320
01:21:45.630 --> 01:21:52.339
Tracy Kuhrt: So that's what I've captured so far there are a few toc numbers that we haven't heard from. Yet I would love to

321
01:21:52.460 --> 01:21:56.410
Tracy Kuhrt: to hear from those Tsc. Members who haven't had a chance to speak yet.

322
01:21:56.600 --> 01:22:05.760
Tracy Kuhrt: and anybody else who that list kind of jog some other things in their mind about what it is that they'd like to see us accomplish in

323
01:22:05.800 --> 01:22:07.019
Tracy Kuhrt: 23.

324
01:22:20.070 --> 01:22:20.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Jim.

325
01:22:21.910 --> 01:22:30.850
Jim Zhang: Yeah, thanks. Tracy. Sorry for being late. I guess Just the general thought around Enabling the

326
01:22:31.010 --> 01:22:36.310
Jim Zhang: Hyper Ledger based project on public chains.

327
01:22:36.380 --> 01:22:46.479
Jim Zhang: I guess, depending on the the specific project. Some are naturally have a need to support that versus others.

328
01:22:46.560 --> 01:22:58.149
Jim Zhang: This is especially the the the it projects that you don't necessarily have that goal. But a lot of projects are by design cross chain.

329
01:22:58.470 --> 01:23:03.100
Jim Zhang: cactus bevel, far fly.

330
01:23:03.670 --> 01:23:13.490
Jim Zhang: I I just feel like a a Aries or the other Democrats; the other, the did related projects.

331
01:23:13.570 --> 01:23:22.379
Jim Zhang: So many of our customers are looking at stacks that enable them to

332
01:23:22.460 --> 01:23:29.439
Jim Zhang: to do solutions within a permission setting in consortiums.

333
01:23:29.510 --> 01:23:34.560
Jim Zhang: but they also want to enable and engage a wider

334
01:23:34.860 --> 01:23:39.270
Jim Zhang: set of participants. And you know public chains become a natural

335
01:23:39.330 --> 01:23:44.250
Jim Zhang: place to do that. And there there's more than one occasion where

336
01:23:44.260 --> 01:23:59.750
Jim Zhang: the Hyper Ledger stack would have been the perfect choice. Except for that, you can't use it on public chains, and they would have to, you know, go with a lesser, less mature stack as a result.

337
01:23:59.760 --> 01:24:14.999
Jim Zhang: So I I don't know what what are the specific concrete things we could do to encourage that. But I would say, you know, from our messaging from our marketing we can. We can.

338
01:24:15.130 --> 01:24:17.579
Jim Zhang: We can do more to encourage this.

339
01:24:21.140 --> 01:24:22.420
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Jim

340
01:24:22.780 --> 01:24:23.510
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

341
01:24:25.140 --> 01:24:53.510
Bobbi Muscara: Yeah. I was in a meeting with the learning Materials working group which now has new leadership with David Boswell, and we were discussing how the new reorganization of that will help the community, and one of the things we were discussing is kind of the documentation standards and the standards for people coming into the community. How do they find the resources? So that's something that definitely. I'll be working with the learning materials, working group moving forward with David to try to figure out

342
01:24:53.520 --> 01:25:00.049
Bobbi Muscara: how to support the community once they get into the community. The resources with the resources we have available.

343
01:25:03.230 --> 01:25:04.480
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright great

344
01:25:04.990 --> 01:25:06.049
Tracy Kuhrt: thanks. Probably

345
01:25:09.430 --> 01:25:11.879
Tracy Kuhrt: any other thoughts that people have

346
01:25:12.030 --> 01:25:15.960
Tracy Kuhrt: specific goals that they have for the 2,023.

347
01:25:28.360 --> 01:25:38.229
Victor Gridnevsky: Yes, i'd like to know if the time was slightly shifted, because I was surprised. I haven't seen previous meetings for a couple of times. And

348
01:25:38.320 --> 01:25:41.409
Victor Gridnevsky: was it shifted for an hour after.

349
01:25:41.670 --> 01:25:43.110
Victor Gridnevsky: or something like that.

350
01:25:43.380 --> 01:25:45.820
Victor Gridnevsky: and it's the time and calendar will

351
01:25:46.910 --> 01:25:48.650
Victor Gridnevsky: the right time currently.

352
01:25:50.650 --> 01:25:58.610
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Victor. So we we haven't met for probably 3, maybe potentially 4 weeks

353
01:25:58.950 --> 01:26:09.910
Tracy Kuhrt: holidays. The holiday schedules for most people were a little, I think, shifted some early holidays. Some took later holidays, and so we wanted to make sure that we didn't.

354
01:26:10.000 --> 01:26:15.189
Tracy Kuhrt: That's with everybody's time off, and and make sure that there there wasn't any sort of

355
01:26:15.360 --> 01:26:31.669
Tracy Kuhrt: issues there, and I think we actually canceled the one right before the holidays as well, because we didn't have any specific topics to to discuss during that one. So it yeah. It has probably been a month since the the Tc. Has met, and so no time changes just related to the holidays.

356
01:26:31.810 --> 01:26:33.230
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay, thank you very much.

357
01:26:33.800 --> 01:26:34.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Yep.

358
01:26:39.880 --> 01:26:41.829
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Other Other

359
01:26:41.910 --> 01:26:45.829
Tracy Kuhrt: thoughts on on goals for the 2023 term.

360
01:26:48.760 --> 01:26:53.280
Tracy Kuhrt: I think we have a a really good list. I do think that there is a potential to

361
01:26:53.310 --> 01:26:56.400
Tracy Kuhrt: kick off some task forces from these

362
01:26:56.450 --> 01:27:05.680
Tracy Kuhrt: from this list. So what my plan is to basically take the chicken and scratch they had here and and put them into the the agenda.

363
01:27:05.700 --> 01:27:08.970
Tracy Kuhrt: the meeting notes so that everybody can see kind of what they are

364
01:27:09.030 --> 01:27:16.169
Tracy Kuhrt: and maybe think about. You know, some potential task forces that we could kick off for the the 2023 time

365
01:27:16.250 --> 01:27:19.890
Tracy Kuhrt: that we can make sure that we're continuing to have discussions

366
01:27:19.950 --> 01:27:27.180
Tracy Kuhrt: really sounds like. There's some some things around different sorts of best practices that we might want to put together

367
01:27:27.250 --> 01:27:29.670
Tracy Kuhrt: task forces around.

368
01:27:29.750 --> 01:27:36.200
Tracy Kuhrt: you know. Maybe some thoughts around the the different sort of ways in which we might ease the

369
01:27:36.470 --> 01:27:44.180
Tracy Kuhrt: adoption of the different projects that we have. There could be something around that. But yeah, happy to have any other thoughts

370
01:27:44.490 --> 01:27:46.149
Tracy Kuhrt: that people might have

371
01:27:46.400 --> 01:27:48.000
Tracy Kuhrt: to include in that list.

372
01:28:02.730 --> 01:28:09.079
Tracy Kuhrt: I think we did have everybody from the the Trc. Who had an opportunity to to speak so. That's really good.

373
01:28:09.480 --> 01:28:11.790
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you for the participation. Now.

374
01:28:13.070 --> 01:28:29.499
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay. So I think with that, just I want to cover what else is left on this page. Just so we can have a make sure that everybody is aware of what's happening here. So the Hlf Operator Project proposal has come in.

375
01:28:29.570 --> 01:28:37.179
Tracy Kuhrt: There has been some discussions that have been ongoing with the the bevel community about putting sort of the

376
01:28:37.200 --> 01:28:41.900
Tracy Kuhrt: A. Jf. Operator into bubble as a fabric operator.

377
01:28:43.550 --> 01:28:52.699
Tracy Kuhrt: The those conversations are continuing. So we're leaving the project project proposal open until there's been some sort of formal resolution on that.

378
01:28:52.890 --> 01:28:58.629
Tracy Kuhrt: But that's the expectation at this point is that that project is going to.

379
01:28:58.710 --> 01:29:02.080
Tracy Kuhrt: or that proposal is really going to become part of bevel.

380
01:29:02.270 --> 01:29:11.069
Tracy Kuhrt: So we'll we'll continue to keep an eye on that, and see how those Conversations progress to to make sure that we don't have to do anything specific there.

381
01:29:11.670 --> 01:29:12.670
Jim.

382
01:29:13.540 --> 01:29:30.020
Jim Zhang: Yeah, just a quick comment on this. Yeah, definitely bevel. But but I thought there's also another labs. You should be about Ibm on the same basically same functionality, right? A operator for for fabric.

383
01:29:30.070 --> 01:29:31.780
Ramakrishna V: You mean this, I have a smartphone.

384
01:29:32.910 --> 01:29:39.419
Jim Zhang: Yeah, I assume that that team is also involved in the discussions.

385
01:29:40.160 --> 01:29:50.229
David Enyeart: Yeah, Jim is right. There's also a fabric dash operator lab. That's out there. So those that and the hlf operator are kind of meeting similar objectives.

386
01:29:53.540 --> 01:29:56.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think I think that

387
01:29:56.750 --> 01:30:03.310
Tracy Kuhrt: there's potentially even third or fourth. It's sort of operator out there related to fabric

388
01:30:03.390 --> 01:30:08.950
Tracy Kuhrt: that I think it it would be really good to have these communities coming together under

389
01:30:09.000 --> 01:30:14.090
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of a single group right to to really make sure that the operator is going to meet

390
01:30:14.490 --> 01:30:17.030
Tracy Kuhrt: whatever the needs are for the different

391
01:30:17.270 --> 01:30:26.429
Tracy Kuhrt: uses of the operator. And I would really like to see those conversations happen within the bevel community, and making sure that the

392
01:30:26.480 --> 01:30:31.100
Tracy Kuhrt: the right things are done moving forward. So that's, I think

393
01:30:31.300 --> 01:30:33.860
Tracy Kuhrt: you know, definitely a a known

394
01:30:34.000 --> 01:30:35.240
Tracy Kuhrt: So

395
01:30:35.690 --> 01:30:53.210
Tracy Kuhrt: space that there is a lot of interested right is really deploying. Fabric is is big, and I think there's a lot of different ways in which people have a process. And so I do think devil is is the right community to to make that happen, and to to make sure that all the voices are heard

396
01:30:53.360 --> 01:30:57.820
Tracy Kuhrt: so would definitely encourage anybody who.

397
01:30:57.890 --> 01:31:06.070
Tracy Kuhrt: either as on this call or knows the right people to to get involved in those conversations to to reach out to the bubble community to make sure that those

398
01:31:06.280 --> 01:31:09.769
Tracy Kuhrt: those conversations are are had

399
01:31:10.170 --> 01:31:16.189
David Enyeart: right. So Tracy, would you expect Bevel to do some kind of assessment across these various operators and choosing

400
01:31:16.420 --> 01:31:18.769
David Enyeart: which ones to more closely partner with.

401
01:31:19.270 --> 01:31:27.420
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, there has definitely been a conversation about that, Dave, about making sure that there's you know, understanding of what's out there.

402
01:31:27.530 --> 01:31:32.859
Tracy Kuhrt: and and really looking at the the space as a whole, so I,

403
01:31:33.080 --> 01:31:35.040
Tracy Kuhrt: you know, would definitely encourage

404
01:31:35.090 --> 01:31:44.419
Tracy Kuhrt: right, Dave, if you're the right person, or or you know the right people to to maybe have a conversation with the Double Maintainer to make sure that you know the

405
01:31:44.880 --> 01:31:55.359
Tracy Kuhrt: the needs and and desires of that fabric operator, Lab and anybody else who has an operator. That they they think is, you know, the the right one to bring into this that

406
01:31:55.460 --> 01:32:03.390
Tracy Kuhrt: have those conversations, and make sure that you know all of the different, I think requirements right on that by whatever it is that they.

407
01:32:03.530 --> 01:32:05.720
Tracy Kuhrt: the bevel operators bring in, because

408
01:32:05.810 --> 01:32:12.229
Tracy Kuhrt: the other piece of this right is that with bevel I think the the idea is that.

409
01:32:12.640 --> 01:32:17.399
Tracy Kuhrt: as you are probably all aware, right, it deploys multiple blockchain frameworks, and so

410
01:32:17.470 --> 01:32:22.739
Tracy Kuhrt: want to make sure that, as we think about operators, we're thinking about them

411
01:32:22.930 --> 01:32:40.070
Tracy Kuhrt: one for the individual blockchain platforms, but also across the board. What should an operator look like for the different sorts of blockchain framework? So you know that's I. I do. You know I had a conversation this morning with Sonac was one of the bevel maintainers.

412
01:32:40.170 --> 01:32:48.949
Tracy Kuhrt: and we did talk about right like what is the right thing for us to be doing. And how do we lay out kind of the design pattern for what these operators are?

413
01:32:49.030 --> 01:32:54.060
Tracy Kuhrt: So, yeah, definitely, that's the right space, I think, to be having the conversations.

414
01:32:54.080 --> 01:32:56.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Dave, please, if you.

415
01:32:57.180 --> 01:32:58.819
Tracy Kuhrt: if you are that person that's

416
01:32:58.860 --> 01:33:01.750
Tracy Kuhrt: that you connected with, so that if there's somebody else we should

417
01:33:01.870 --> 01:33:07.349
Tracy Kuhrt: connect is related to the fabric operator. Let us know. We can make sure that those conversations are being had.

418
01:33:07.540 --> 01:33:08.599
David Enyeart: Okay, thanks.

419
01:33:12.720 --> 01:33:17.469
Tracy Kuhrt: And I know you had your hand up there. You're definitely been involved in those conversations as well. So.

420
01:33:20.020 --> 01:33:28.450
Arun S M: hey? I wanted to. You. You covered all the points that I wanted to say, yeah, they will, as such as you know, has been.

421
01:33:28.770 --> 01:33:34.940
Arun S M: I'm. Looking into the next phase of the the release, like now that it is mature.

422
01:33:35.210 --> 01:33:39.999
Arun S M: not being, I think some of will be better person, but i'll try to summarize, I think.

423
01:33:40.020 --> 01:33:43.010
Arun S M: as you said, the future version of level

424
01:33:43.200 --> 01:33:53.750
Arun S M: we are planning to have flexibility in how people choose to deploy some of these components. So there is right now there is support for help, operator

425
01:33:53.960 --> 01:33:57.519
Arun S M: and future there's going to be project-specific operators, such as

426
01:33:57.780 --> 01:34:04.860
Arun S M: fabric operator out to each. And if you can unify that, and then consider one of those operator as

427
01:34:04.920 --> 01:34:09.869
Arun S M: and in the project specific operator. It would also be placed alongside.

428
01:34:10.030 --> 01:34:17.690
Arun S M: So the no choice of deploying to from an from the user perspective they would be able to choose. Either they need

429
01:34:18.000 --> 01:34:22.960
Arun S M: this project operate. They want to go with and help them operate a concept itself.

430
01:34:24.130 --> 01:34:31.970
Arun S M: So that is definitely a good place to be in. But I still feel like there is possibility for us to collaborate across.

431
01:34:32.030 --> 01:34:34.770
considering maintainers from

432
01:34:34.980 --> 01:34:37.669
Arun S M: semi-corporated, and it's it's operated

433
01:34:37.800 --> 01:34:44.209
Arun S M: and then bringing them along that they will operate, and so I will project maintainers on all on one call

434
01:34:44.460 --> 01:34:46.029
Arun S M: and discussing it for that.

435
01:34:51.100 --> 01:34:51.929
Tracy Kuhrt: Not

436
01:34:52.300 --> 01:35:06.660
Tracy Kuhrt: so, then, the other items that we have our backlog items. So these come directly from our Github issues backing. We have the update, the security process. We did take off the security task force for that.

437
01:35:06.730 --> 01:35:12.919
Tracy Kuhrt: So we're continuing to leave this open until the security task force comes back with.

438
01:35:13.140 --> 01:35:20.199
Tracy Kuhrt: You know the best practices that we need to make sure that we're consistently implementing across the different hyper ledger projects.

439
01:35:20.380 --> 01:35:29.920
Tracy Kuhrt: So that is an ongoing item, this other one that's on here, which is just been open 2 days ago. If I ride.

440
01:35:29.970 --> 01:35:33.739
Tracy Kuhrt: As to request to move project reports to Github.

441
01:35:33.900 --> 01:35:40.200
there's some discussion that's been happening on the the issue itself. But I think that is

442
01:35:40.420 --> 01:35:44.440
Tracy Kuhrt: definitely a topic that we should discuss as the Toc.

443
01:35:45.800 --> 01:35:50.170
Tracy Kuhrt: So right, I don't know if you want to give like an overview of what you're thinking here.

444
01:35:50.190 --> 01:35:57.600
Tracy Kuhrt: and then that people comment on the issue throughout the week, and then we can talk about this further, maybe next week.

445
01:35:58.140 --> 01:36:02.870
Ry Jones: Sure, what I would like to do if you can open that.

446
01:36:10.580 --> 01:36:21.220
Ry Jones: So what I would like to do is currently the quarterly reports are in the Wiki, and there are some good things, and there are some downsides with that.

447
01:36:21.290 --> 01:36:23.349
Ry Jones: The reason that I would like to do that

448
01:36:23.450 --> 01:36:26.029
Ry Jones: is, if you scroll down a little bit.

449
01:36:26.280 --> 01:36:31.559
Ry Jones: is, it's much easier to get a

450
01:36:31.940 --> 01:36:35.830
Ry Jones: a a history of the voting and the comments, and, you know.

451
01:36:36.360 --> 01:36:38.139
recorded form.

452
01:36:38.860 --> 01:36:41.879
Ry Jones: you know, currently in the Wiki. It's

453
01:36:42.150 --> 01:36:45.209
it's in the Wiki, but it's a little bit difficult to get to

454
01:36:46.510 --> 01:36:47.640
Ry Jones: to find out

455
01:36:47.900 --> 01:36:50.019
who did what and who said, what?

456
01:36:50.650 --> 01:36:54.169
Ry Jones: And my idea here is that

457
01:36:54.910 --> 01:36:55.969
Ry Jones: the

458
01:36:56.390 --> 01:37:02.640
Ry Jones: the, the the votes. I'm sorry not to votes as people read it. As Toc. Members read it.

459
01:37:02.820 --> 01:37:09.289
Ry Jones: they would market as approved. And then, once there's some number of people who have

460
01:37:09.740 --> 01:37:14.830
Ry Jones: approved it. It would be it would be merged, and the conversation would be captured in the

461
01:37:15.000 --> 01:37:16.769
Ry Jones: get history over here.

462
01:37:18.940 --> 01:37:22.330
Ry Jones: You know. Part of this is my

463
01:37:22.600 --> 01:37:24.240
Ry Jones: there. I don't know when

464
01:37:24.660 --> 01:37:30.620
Ry Jones: there's going to be a change to how confluence there is a change that how confluence is licensed period.

465
01:37:30.750 --> 01:37:32.560
Ry Jones: Yeah, I've seen it has changed that

466
01:37:32.740 --> 01:37:39.819
Ry Jones: I don't know what the Linux foundation plan is around that how we're going to handle that turbulence coming in the future.

467
01:37:41.350 --> 01:37:43.060
Ry Jones: and I don't want to deal with it again.

468
01:37:43.850 --> 01:37:48.100
Ry Jones: There are some. It's really kind of

469
01:37:48.280 --> 01:37:49.179
Ry Jones: parable

470
01:37:49.450 --> 01:37:52.450
Ry Jones: how the Github Macros work in confluence.

471
01:37:52.730 --> 01:37:59.410
Ry Jones: and every once in a while it breaks, and then I have to go on a journey of discovery to find out what exactly broke.

472
01:38:00.400 --> 01:38:12.369
Ry Jones: So my assumption is that get a Macros and a like that are on a get. A project would have less chance of breaking, and I would like to remove that journey of discovery from myself.

473
01:38:13.320 --> 01:38:17.119
Ry Jones: and then we would end up as

474
01:38:17.340 --> 01:38:21.510
Ry Jones: a room pointed out. If you can click on the link for the governance rendered site.

475
01:38:23.560 --> 01:38:24.660
Ry Jones: the

476
01:38:25.190 --> 01:38:27.970
Ry Jones: we would end up over here with a a tab

477
01:38:28.180 --> 01:38:30.479
Ry Jones: that would have the

478
01:38:30.800 --> 01:38:33.729
Ry Jones: like the technical charter.

479
01:38:33.840 --> 01:38:39.479
Ry Jones: We would end up with a a tab under there that would have the project reports going back in history.

480
01:38:39.950 --> 01:38:45.479
Ry Jones: And if you look, if you switch over to the to see if you go to like to

481
01:38:45.880 --> 01:38:46.670
Ry Jones: Org.

482
01:38:53.920 --> 01:38:58.119
Ry Jones: So if you go to you know any any of these

483
01:38:58.600 --> 01:39:01.810
Ry Jones: like the the members, the Toc members.

484
01:39:03.840 --> 01:39:12.930
Ry Jones: This is a page that shows, you know the history. We would have something like this that would have like here the you know Q. 1 23 reports, or whatever.

485
01:39:13.350 --> 01:39:20.569
Ry Jones: and it would show the history of what they are, and it would be easier to find. I believe it would have higher Google rank.

486
01:39:20.850 --> 01:39:21.809
Ry Jones: I see

487
01:39:22.070 --> 01:39:23.560
Ry Jones: Steven has his hand up.

488
01:39:27.910 --> 01:39:42.249
Stephen Curran: Yeah, One thing sort of independent of what your proposal is, but but along the same veins of things we could, as a as a toc sort of have a goal of is generated.

489
01:39:42.260 --> 01:39:59.929
Stephen Curran: generated sites off of mark down. I see the benefit of what you're proposing is this becomes an actual website, as opposed to part of confluence, and and so give us the ability to present the data in better ways.

490
01:40:01.350 --> 01:40:11.139
Stephen Curran: I want to spin off of of this this particular used case to encourage the the to figure out how we can help

491
01:40:11.710 --> 01:40:14.499
projects move past.

492
01:40:14.860 --> 01:40:29.469
Stephen Curran: Read me.md. Files that are sitting in a Github repo versus a generated static website or a static generated website that that is a much friendlier, more welcoming, and easier to understand

493
01:40:29.510 --> 01:40:46.850
Stephen Curran: version of the same information. So I think this is a general, a general issue, which is, how do we take the information and make it more accessible to You know new people, to contributors to maintainers, to the particular audience for the particular thing you're talking about.

494
01:40:46.860 --> 01:40:50.339
Stephen Curran: So in in what rise talking about.

495
01:40:50.880 --> 01:40:52.150
Stephen Curran: you can

496
01:40:52.640 --> 01:41:02.999
Stephen Curran: find a way to find all of the projects and drill down to find the quarterly reports, or you could take an individual project. Sorry you can take

497
01:41:03.070 --> 01:41:07.890
Stephen Curran: the Toc view, which is, I want to see all the quarterly reports for all the projects.

498
01:41:07.970 --> 01:41:23.119
Stephen Curran: and present a view that way, but also present a view that is Here's the you know Hyper Ledger Aries project. And here is the history of the of the report. So you have much more control over how the information gets displayed. I think it's a good practice

499
01:41:23.320 --> 01:41:35.179
Stephen Curran: in general, but it's hard to do, or at least it's not easy to do, and and I think all the teams are going through figuring out how to do it, and what's the best practices, and so on. So I think the poc could help there

500
01:41:35.900 --> 01:41:45.750
Ry Jones: agreed. We have a mark down material, docs that we pay for. That's excellent. That I would like to get more projects Using

501
01:41:46.090 --> 01:41:52.579
Ry Jones: currently base is really the only one using. I would also like to get all the projects off of, read the docs

502
01:41:53.010 --> 01:41:59.469
Ry Jones: and start using Github pages to publish their documentation, and much like this to

503
01:41:59.660 --> 01:42:03.300
Ry Jones: you know. That's that's a get up, Page.

504
01:42:03.660 --> 01:42:06.579
Ry Jones: I would like to get, you know

505
01:42:07.280 --> 01:42:12.789
Ry Jones: everybody off of these bespoke platforms into one place.

506
01:42:13.670 --> 01:42:17.650
Ry Jones: and that one place is is Github right now.

507
01:42:17.950 --> 01:42:23.300
Ry Jones: So that's a longer term goal. But i'm glad that you brought it up because it would be much easier

508
01:42:24.780 --> 01:42:27.120
Ry Jones: if everybody was on Github

509
01:42:30.820 --> 01:42:31.650
Ry Jones: Steven.

510
01:42:32.210 --> 01:42:36.200
Stephen Curran: Yeah. So example of that. Just so, you know, is we just went through

511
01:42:36.430 --> 01:42:43.429
Stephen Curran: a assessment of. Should we use make Docs material, or should we use docus, or which one

512
01:42:43.440 --> 01:43:00.320
Stephen Curran: you know, and and it would be really nice not to have every project have to evaluate that figure out how to do it figured out how it applies to them, but actually have a way to to just say, oh, you do this, this and this, and now you have generated docs, and now

513
01:43:00.330 --> 01:43:04.230
Stephen Curran: it's much more about the content and less about how you present it.

514
01:43:05.620 --> 01:43:06.469
Ry Jones: Agreed.

515
01:43:06.700 --> 01:43:09.960
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, yeah, i'm. Just maybe

516
01:43:10.130 --> 01:43:21.370
Tracy Kuhrt: for a moment. That's okay. Playing on there for a moment. I do know that some of the the work that Bobby and the documentation task force was doing last year related to some of this.

517
01:43:21.500 --> 01:43:27.310
Tracy Kuhrt: but I I would. It sounds like maybe there's some continuation of that happening this year.

518
01:43:27.490 --> 01:43:31.009
Tracy Kuhrt: But oh, no, I think you're gonna have the last word.

519
01:43:31.550 --> 01:43:47.629
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yeah, and i'll be quick. I I just wanted to follow up, because, as people may see on the screen, I had actually asked right to explain a little bit more give a bit more background. I think this discussion highlights the fact that I think you know the proposal. I I

520
01:43:47.640 --> 01:44:05.689
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): i'm not against it. I think it's like a little bit of you know details as to what it would actually mean, what? How we would use this. So I you know, I think this needs to be played out properly, so that we can have a full proposal put before the talk.

521
01:44:07.450 --> 01:44:09.069
Tracy Kuhrt: All right.

522
01:44:10.600 --> 01:44:23.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks. I know. So yeah, let's let's continue the conversation on that Github issue, and we will bring it up again next week. If we have something that's more formal that we can propose to to vote on.

523
01:44:23.400 --> 01:44:29.810
Tracy Kuhrt: But yeah, thanks. Everybody for your contributions today, and and we will talk again next week.

