WEBVTT

00:47:22.000 --> 00:47:26.000
So maybe somebody could start recording like me host. So host

00:47:26.000 --> 00:47:30.000
The recordings are Zoom Phone.

00:47:30.000 --> 00:47:37.000
Alright! Thank you! Alright! Welcome everybody to the first meeting of the Tsc.

00:47:37.000 --> 00:47:42.000
In January 2023, the January twelfth meeting.

00:47:42.000 --> 00:47:51.000
Glad. You are probably all aware the meetings that we have within the Hyper Ledger Foundation almost abide by 2 things.

00:47:51.000 --> 00:47:57.000
The first is the antitrust policy. Notice that is currently displayed on screen.

00:47:57.000 --> 00:48:06.000
So there are potential competitors in this meeting. Make sure that you're not doing anything that would

00:48:06.000 --> 00:48:13.000
Impact. The your edit trust in competition sort of laws that exist.

00:48:13.000 --> 00:48:20.000
And the second thing that we must abide by is the code of conduct which is linked in our agenda.

00:48:20.000 --> 00:48:33.000
Basically all are welcome here. Be respectful of the other people and their ideas and opinions, and their thoughts, and we'll have some really good meetings this this term.

00:48:33.000 --> 00:48:34.000
So with that I think we have the agenda to announcements.

00:48:34.000 --> 00:48:46.000
The first announcement is a standard and management that you will hear every week of the Dev Weekly Developer Newsletter goes out each Friday.

00:48:46.000 --> 00:49:01.000
If there is something that you would like to include in that newsletter, please leave a comment on the link there, or the Wiki page that is in the agenda, and it will go out on Friday.

00:49:01.000 --> 00:49:02.000
And then the second thing that I include it as an announcement is just.

00:49:02.000 --> 00:49:20.000
Obviously, this is the first meeting of our new Toc. And so I wanted to link in our Tlc responsibilities so that everybody had a chance to review what our responsibilities are in that document.

00:49:20.000 --> 00:49:26.000
There is a list of obviously what's included in the charter, and what it says that the Tlc.

00:49:26.000 --> 00:49:51.000
Is responsible for. There are also some specific highlights for Tc numbers, as far as specific things that you must do, including participating in these meetings and reviewing project updates and other sorts of things that might be useful for you to review as as you become a member.

00:49:51.000 --> 00:49:57.000
So I do want to take an opportunity here to to welcome all of the new numbers to the Poc.

00:49:57.000 --> 00:50:10.000
Really appreciate the the fact that you ran this year, and that you are elected so congratulations to everybody who was elected to the the Poc.

00:50:10.000 --> 00:50:23.000
Any other announcements that anybody has, or would like to make.

00:50:23.000 --> 00:50:43.000
Alright, so don't see any hands coming up. That is probably something I should mention is just we do use the raise hand feature during these meetings to make sure that people have the opportunity to speak and be heard, and that they are no sort of people just jumping in so please, do use the right hand

00:50:43.000 --> 00:50:50.000
feature as we continue through the meeting alright with that we don't have any.

00:50:50.000 --> 00:50:56.000
Well, I guess we do. A rude is your hand coming up

00:50:56.000 --> 00:51:05.000
To tell all the new welcome to welcome new members, and then I know we have certain rules on like rising hands and then talking through.

00:51:05.000 --> 00:51:12.000
But please don't be imposed by like what you know and what you don't know.

00:51:12.000 --> 00:51:15.000
Feel free to reason for your opinions and voices.

00:51:15.000 --> 00:51:20.000
We're happy to help you through the journey through the integration.

00:51:20.000 --> 00:51:22.000
That's it.

00:51:22.000 --> 00:51:26.000
Alright. Thanks. Everyone. Yeah. Marcus.

00:51:26.000 --> 00:51:27.000
Yeah, Hi, everyone. This is Marcus picking. I mean, I want to quickly say hello to all of you.

00:51:27.000 --> 00:51:35.000
I mean I haven't had the chance yet to speak to all of us.

00:51:35.000 --> 00:51:46.000
So my proposal for this meeting would also be a very brief round of introduction for everyone who's here on the Tuc and New.

00:51:46.000 --> 00:51:51.000
The board.

00:51:51.000 --> 00:51:58.000
Sure we could do that. I had thought about doing that, and didn't know if people wanted to to take the time to do that.

00:51:58.000 --> 00:52:03.000
But we can definitely do a round of introductions for for everybody on the call.

00:52:03.000 --> 00:52:13.000
So I guess let's since whoever is sharing scroll down to the list, let's do this in the order in which it's let's see here.

00:52:13.000 --> 00:52:16.000
So, Ardo, you want to say hello and give a short introduction

00:52:16.000 --> 00:52:34.000
Yes. Hi, everybody. Well, I'm one of the dinosaurs of high procedure. I've been involved in this since the very beginning and still around. I'm part of the technology group that Ibm and I tried to help make this effort successful

00:52:34.000 --> 00:52:38.000
Right. Thanks. I know a room

00:52:38.000 --> 00:52:48.000
Hey! All. So I'm excited to be again, and that, you see.

00:52:48.000 --> 00:52:53.000
So it it hasn't been quite a journey, and I'm not really that shit.

00:52:53.000 --> 00:53:09.000
When the first year of my 2 sitcom, and then I'll see you, and it's exciting to see the next one, especially with different engagements that we have in planning in different kinds of meetings that have been getting too involved in last couple of weeks.

00:53:09.000 --> 00:53:14.000
Yeah, looking forward to working with you.

00:53:14.000 --> 00:53:17.000
Alright! Thanks. A room, Bobby

00:53:17.000 --> 00:53:32.000
Hi! Everybody! I am glad to be back on the to see I come from the education side of things, so I am focused on onboarding people, spreading great materials through the community.

00:53:32.000 --> 00:53:44.000
So it's accessible to everybody, and I'm looking forward to another year of this great endeavor. Thanks

00:53:44.000 --> 00:53:46.000
Alright, Thanks, Bobby.

00:53:46.000 --> 00:53:50.000
Hello! I guess I'm getting close to dinosaur status as well as Arnold.

00:53:50.000 --> 00:54:01.000
I've been a long time Maintainer of Hyper ledger fabric, and then, after it a couple of years of that became kind of the release manager and point person for a lot of things on fabric.

00:54:01.000 --> 00:54:06.000
So, looking forward to another year. Here.

00:54:06.000 --> 00:54:09.000
Alright, Marcus

00:54:09.000 --> 00:54:16.000
Yeah, it says, this is mark this again. So I'm reach a research stuff member at Ibm research in Zoom on my day to day life.

00:54:16.000 --> 00:54:22.000
I'm contributing to a couple of labs, and also in particular, the the favorite token SDK, the fabric smartc client.

00:54:22.000 --> 00:54:36.000
But I'm also running the fabric private Chinkle Project, which is a part of fabric, apparently, yeah, I'm super glad to help.

00:54:36.000 --> 00:54:37.000
This year our community, with all my expertise, which I've gathered in my time with Hyper Ledger.

00:54:37.000 --> 00:54:48.000
I think that's I'm in. Since 2,018.

00:54:48.000 --> 00:54:58.000
I'm not wrong, and yes, I would really contribute back by I mean helping you guys and the community here in this committee.

00:54:58.000 --> 00:55:00.000
Thanks.

00:55:00.000 --> 00:55:05.000
Welcome. Marcus. Yeah.

00:55:05.000 --> 00:55:12.000
Hello, Steve, Curran! I'm from the digital identity side of of Hyper Ledger.

00:55:12.000 --> 00:55:21.000
Indie started with airy or joined dairies, or help to initiate areas, I mean, and then a non credits as well.

00:55:21.000 --> 00:55:22.000
So that's primarily focus trying to help out a bit where I can.

00:55:22.000 --> 00:55:35.000
In, in as well, and looking forward to learning about the other Hyper ledger projects which I've not dabbled in too much, and so, looking forward to that, hey?

00:55:35.000 --> 00:55:38.000
Glad to be here

00:55:38.000 --> 00:55:42.000
Alright. Obviously, you know.

00:55:42.000 --> 00:55:55.000
Hi timo, definitely, not a dinosaur quite new, but a few years within hyperture, and also mostly in full with the identity project.

00:55:55.000 --> 00:56:03.000
So Hyper Ledger in the Hyper Ledger Aris, and now recently of the new hyperlature unquote project.

00:56:03.000 --> 00:56:07.000
Yeah, excited to also learn about other projects. Because, yeah.

00:56:07.000 --> 00:56:14.000
So, Steven said, not not too familiar with the other project.

00:56:14.000 --> 00:56:18.000
Alright! Welcome to you both! And Rama

00:56:18.000 --> 00:56:22.000
Hi! I'm Rama. Another one of the Ibmers I work for.

00:56:22.000 --> 00:56:34.000
I've been research India. I'm a senior researcher I'm not a dinosaur either, but I I've been long around long enough to remember when hypology was called Open blockchain.

00:56:34.000 --> 00:56:38.000
So I've been around recently in the past 3 or 4 years.

00:56:38.000 --> 00:56:39.000
I've been interested in everything do with interoperability.

00:56:39.000 --> 00:56:44.000
I'm believe, Maintainer of the Va.

00:56:44.000 --> 00:57:06.000
Project which has recently, as you all know, been rolled into the Gacti project, has a merger with cactus, so I am the goal of interoperability, though we envisioned it as a connection between different distributed ledgers can also think about it as a way to create an

00:57:06.000 --> 00:57:10.000
Integrated, or or more of an integration between the different hypothesis project.

00:57:10.000 --> 00:57:26.000
So I've been looking at the different hyperlger projects, and I think there's a lot of scope for us to get the different projects to be compatible with each other, and so that when somebody looks at the hyper ledger project suite they can they can

00:57:26.000 --> 00:57:34.000
Take what they want, be it dissipate ledger, middleware, tool, and everything, and it's it's one place.

00:57:34.000 --> 00:57:35.000
It's a one stop shop for all for the entire boss installation.

00:57:35.000 --> 00:57:47.000
So that's something that really drives me. And I hope to make some inputs into that this year

00:57:47.000 --> 00:57:52.000
Alright! That's Roma, and I guess I should do an introduction to myself as well.

00:57:52.000 --> 00:57:59.000
So I'm Tracy Kurt. I work for Accenture going on almost 4 years now at, etc.

00:57:59.000 --> 00:58:04.000
And I got my start in the Hyper Ledger space as well.

00:58:04.000 --> 00:58:05.000
When hyper ledger fabric was the open blockchain platform.

00:58:05.000 --> 00:58:12.000
So back in 2,015, kind of timeframe is when I start my blockchain journey.

00:58:12.000 --> 00:58:13.000
I obviously spent this bit. Only a number of you know, as the Hyper Ledger Key.

00:58:13.000 --> 00:58:27.000
Architect at some point in my past, and currently the a Hyper Ledger labs do it as well as the chair of the Poc for Hyper Ledger.

00:58:27.000 --> 00:58:57.000
So welcome everybody who is new to this call. I do notice that I think we have a few community members on the call today as well as staff members, so I didn't know if anybody else wanted to take an opportunity to introduce themselves while we're doing introductions feel free to do that now.

00:59:00.000 --> 00:59:01.000
Victor

00:59:01.000 --> 00:59:06.000
Sure. So I'm Victor I'm helping mostly with.

00:59:06.000 --> 00:59:16.000
I'm from so literally, I'm addressing the commentation and technical support side. But sometimes I'm digging in the code.

00:59:16.000 --> 00:59:25.000
Yeah, actually, quite a lot. So any questions to go in, something that I can help with.

00:59:25.000 --> 00:59:36.000
And also, if you have a questions regarding the horses side, I will be attending and try to help as a as well

00:59:36.000 --> 00:59:40.000
That's it.

00:59:40.000 --> 00:59:41.000
Sounds good

00:59:41.000 --> 00:59:55.000
Alright! Welcome, Victor! Anybody else like to take the opportunity to introduce themselves before we move on with the agenda

00:59:55.000 --> 00:59:59.000
Alright. Well, you are completely happy to blurk here.

00:59:59.000 --> 01:00:12.000
Participate, feel free to at any point. Jump in, raise your hand, and add your thoughts, and in your opinions to the meeting.

01:00:12.000 --> 01:00:16.000
So we're completely open to anybody who wants to to participate.

01:00:16.000 --> 01:00:18.000
Alright. So then, I guess, for quarterly reports we do have the Orsa report.

01:00:18.000 --> 01:00:27.000
That is still outstanding. From December.

01:00:27.000 --> 01:00:38.000
I know that there's been some meetings that have attempted to be held in the Ursa community, but it's it's maybe not a good time for the people who are participating there.

01:00:38.000 --> 01:00:46.000
So we we do want to try and figure out how to get that group already kicked off here in the New Year and see if we can get them to do some updates as far as what's happening.

01:00:46.000 --> 01:00:51.000
There, Steve

01:00:51.000 --> 01:00:55.000
Sure I will try to address

01:00:55.000 --> 01:00:59.000
I I did a report late in 22.

01:00:59.000 --> 01:01:02.000
Was that not the q. 4? Was that the q. 3,

01:01:02.000 --> 01:01:03.000
That that was the key to Stephen. Yeah, it was.

01:01:03.000 --> 01:01:06.000
Okay, got it. Okay.

01:01:06.000 --> 01:01:10.000
It was interesting, right? Because when you did that I think it was shortly before the came up on the calendar.

01:01:10.000 --> 01:01:11.000
Nice

01:01:11.000 --> 01:01:19.000
And so it was kinda like, do we ask for the do we not ask for the so I've I've left it on here because we we weren't quite sure what to do with that?

01:01:19.000 --> 01:01:29.000
But yeah, if you want to, if you and maybe like, they want to work on that together, that would be great

01:01:29.000 --> 01:01:33.000
Okay.

01:01:33.000 --> 01:01:37.000
Alright, and then we do have 2 reports that are due today.

01:01:37.000 --> 01:01:47.000
I did see Dave. You had requested that the link for reports to show up in the right spot so hopefully, we'll get the fabric, and I guess I need to be better about changing that to Katie.

01:01:47.000 --> 01:01:52.000
I that you'd say have a larger cat day. Those reports are due today.

01:01:52.000 --> 01:02:03.000
So we'll hopefully see those and get those to be reviewed for next week.

01:02:03.000 --> 01:02:04.000
Alright, and so then I'm sorry. Go ahead, Ry.

01:02:04.000 --> 01:02:08.000
The name has it? The name hasn't changed yet.

01:02:08.000 --> 01:02:12.000
The the name for cactus hasn't changed yet.

01:02:12.000 --> 01:02:14.000
We're still waiting on the code Merge

01:02:14.000 --> 01:02:17.000
Okay. Alright yup promo

01:02:17.000 --> 01:02:28.000
Yeah, yeah, I just wanted to echo that point. So we have a I guess we were the kind of the blockers there, because we were waiting for some outstanding Ps to be completed.

01:02:28.000 --> 01:02:32.000
It's it's basically done. I'm going to message right and get some time from him as soon as I can.

01:02:32.000 --> 01:02:38.000
Try to get this done sometimes middle of next week. So yeah.

01:02:38.000 --> 01:02:44.000
But yeah, you can. From now on we can probably. So it reports for cacti.

01:02:44.000 --> 01:02:54.000
In fact, the update that was we submitted earlier today, or I think it was yesterday that contains updates on both cactus. And we were.

01:02:54.000 --> 01:02:57.000
So it was meant to be accounted update

01:02:57.000 --> 01:03:01.000
Okay, great thanks for that problem.

01:03:01.000 --> 01:03:09.000
Alright! So the main, the main topic for today is really to discuss goals for our 23 Tsc.

01:03:09.000 --> 01:03:15.000
Term. So this is really an open discussion to try to figure out what people are interested in.

01:03:15.000 --> 01:03:22.000
Obviously we have a set of both new members as well as returning members to the the Poc, and so like to spend some time just thinking about some of the things that we would like to work on.

01:03:22.000 --> 01:03:32.000
See if there's potentially any sort of task forces that we might want to kick off.

01:03:32.000 --> 01:03:39.000
Besides the continuing continuation of the Security task force as it's only going.

01:03:39.000 --> 01:03:58.000
So those are, I think, really the sorts of conversations that I want to have, and see what people are thinking

01:03:58.000 --> 01:04:06.000
There's gonna be the brave first person to raise their hand and talk about what it is they'd like to see the Tsc.

01:04:06.000 --> 01:04:09.000
Accomplish this year

01:04:09.000 --> 01:04:12.000
Yeah. Victor.

01:04:12.000 --> 01:04:18.000
So hopefully, we can get also gonna hit this here.

01:04:18.000 --> 01:04:30.000
And hopefully, it's in more major state when it's in, because some security issues to fix.

01:04:30.000 --> 01:04:39.000
And well, maybe some what quality stuff, though, because it kind of stuff at some point.

01:04:39.000 --> 01:04:44.000
Well, also allocations, I guess that's it.

01:04:44.000 --> 01:04:50.000
For me, but I feel like it's quite important

01:04:50.000 --> 01:04:53.000
Alright! Thanks! Victor Rama

01:04:53.000 --> 01:05:08.000
Yeah, so just falling on what I said earlier, I I do want to try and get like talk to the different different project maintainers to figure out how they can be compatible with each other.

01:05:08.000 --> 01:05:12.000
That that is, you know, different projects have their own niches now.

01:05:12.000 --> 01:05:13.000
They can depend on a different project for to solve a particular purpose.

01:05:13.000 --> 01:05:29.000
For example, Firefly as a middleware for a multi blockchain application can depend on something like cacti for underlying inter probability.

01:05:29.000 --> 01:05:37.000
Protocols we can have a cacti depending on Ursa for all of its security mechanism needs, and so on.

01:05:37.000 --> 01:05:41.000
So what I think I see, and I don't know how closely the different Project maintainers are working together, or they're even aware of what the others are doing.

01:05:41.000 --> 01:05:44.000
But there may be a lot of reunity of these going on across the different projects.

01:05:44.000 --> 01:05:58.000
So I wanna make sure that we try to eliminate redundancy as much as possible and try to have particular projects.

01:05:58.000 --> 01:05:59.000
Be the repositories that other projects can depend on.

01:05:59.000 --> 01:06:02.000
Like our software as the canonical Repository for security mechanisms.

01:06:02.000 --> 01:06:07.000
So this is sort of I have 3 inquir thoughts on this. Hopefully.

01:06:07.000 --> 01:06:12.000
I'll plug these out as a year, by way

01:06:12.000 --> 01:06:15.000
Thank you, Roma or no

01:06:15.000 --> 01:06:24.000
Yes, huh! So I mean to the risk of something like broken Raker to the, to to the past members of the Toc.

01:06:24.000 --> 01:06:38.000
I mean now, but also in keeping with what Victor touched on, you know, and for those who don't, you know, I spend most of my time now focusing on open Ssf.

01:06:38.000 --> 01:06:47.000
Which is a sister project to Hyperlature within the Linux Foundation, and which, you know, focuses on.

01:06:47.000 --> 01:07:00.000
Seekering the open source software supply chain. And so we started looking into this last year within really get to what I was hoping for, which is.

01:07:00.000 --> 01:07:18.000
And I hope we can do that this year is for the Twoc to really shepherd, you know, establishing policies with regard to how we deal with the security of open O of the software we're developing in the hyper ledger across the different projects I think we do need to improve a security.

01:07:18.000 --> 01:07:32.000
But sure, as we call it now and there, in hoping that we can succeed in this this year.

01:07:32.000 --> 01:07:38.000
Yeah, thanks for that. I think that's a really important topic for us to to talk through this year.

01:07:38.000 --> 01:07:45.000
I do know that in the Governing Board meeting that we had in December that was a topic that came up as well.

01:07:45.000 --> 01:07:52.000
It's it's making sure that we're putting together the the best practices for security across our projects.

01:07:52.000 --> 01:08:05.000
And so I think it's definitely going to be a topic of conversation that we need to continue and to to really focus on that task force that exist, to to really come out with what are these best practices?

01:08:05.000 --> 01:08:12.000
And how can we consistently apply those practices across the different Hyper Ledger projects?

01:08:12.000 --> 01:08:21.000
So thank you for bringing that one up as a topic, because it is. It's top of mind, I think, for a lot of people

01:08:21.000 --> 01:08:23.000
Alright!

01:08:23.000 --> 01:08:43.000
Right, so to think that as help priority form in this series, in terms of it's speeding up the adoption or improving the adoption, especially some of the challenges that we have free, we have been facing, is I mean terms of lack of tooling support itself again, when it comes

01:08:43.000 --> 01:08:57.000
To of the speed of adoption. So when we talk about blockchain related of blockchain multi party system applications, the value- is understood like it's no more question of people asking, please to serve.

01:08:57.000 --> 01:08:58.000
Wow value. Add for our Gp sorry, specific, is going to solve our business problems.

01:08:58.000 --> 01:09:06.000
Statements the question rather now nowadays, that we are facing is okay.

01:09:06.000 --> 01:09:07.000
Let's say we adopt this. So what's the benefit?

01:09:07.000 --> 01:09:14.000
Like we would be the only person adopting it. Right?

01:09:14.000 --> 01:09:19.000
So the the foster adoption would require us to develop additional tooling around it.

01:09:19.000 --> 01:09:25.000
So which means we need to foster projects that would, bringing in additional capability.

01:09:25.000 --> 01:09:26.000
For instance, it could be as it it could vary right.

01:09:26.000 --> 01:09:36.000
For instance, it could be even the simple validation of verification frameworks, the formal validation of smart conference.

01:09:36.000 --> 01:09:44.000
There is no standard way of how do we do that? Or it could be no way of having unified tools for deployment.

01:09:44.000 --> 01:10:05.000
Oh, it could be in a way of having the oh interrupt support which the character, if a captive team is putting into, and then having frameworks like pay room not being brought into mainstream, idol as as the mainstream my pleasure project so that my priorities for the year would

01:10:05.000 --> 01:10:11.000
Follow this, non. See what we can do through the year.

01:10:11.000 --> 01:10:15.000
From our site

01:10:15.000 --> 01:10:21.000
Alright. Thank you, Lou Stephen

01:10:21.000 --> 01:10:40.000
Yeah, I think I'm there. Play off a little of what was said earlier reference Ersa and things we found with Indie, which is really tried to come up with a best practices and guidance and help.

01:10:40.000 --> 01:10:48.000
Whatever we can do for projects to be able to have automated pipelines that produce artifacts that that make it dead simple for somebody to make a contribution, and actually have it come out.

01:10:48.000 --> 01:11:11.000
The other end. Indie just went through a really long and painful exercise to update its pipeline, so that when you make a cochange it actually can be produced, can produce an output versus doesn't have that I ask that the other day or recently somebody put in just like a dependency

01:11:11.000 --> 01:11:13.000
Update. We need to update this dependency to this and the act of actually producing an artifact from that is painful.

01:11:13.000 --> 01:11:34.000
And so it. It is a difficult thing, but I'm hoping that across the projects we can come up with good practices and borrow learnings, and so on, to make it easier to.

01:11:34.000 --> 01:11:40.000
Yeah, it it to have each project able to produce those in a in a, in a fully automated way.

01:11:40.000 --> 01:11:48.000
It's a lot of work. I know that. So it's not easy, but but I certainly encourage it.

01:11:48.000 --> 01:11:55.000
We're getting better at the various projects I'm involved with, but it's hard

01:11:55.000 --> 01:11:58.000
Alright. Thank you. Working.

01:11:58.000 --> 01:12:11.000
Yeah, so I wanted to add something to what an old suggested recording the Security back processing and connecting those in order also to share it with different communities, and maybe Linux Foundation.

01:12:11.000 --> 01:12:17.000
But I was also thinking that not only the security best practices, but also our processes.

01:12:17.000 --> 01:12:28.000
We have established with an architecture and other vehicles like the concept of the laps which does not exist for many other open-source communities.

01:12:28.000 --> 01:12:29.000
This is something really valuable. I, I believe, was developed tier, or maybe not even developed.

01:12:29.000 --> 01:12:39.000
But definitely, we have that here in place and could be could be shared with other projects as well.

01:12:39.000 --> 01:12:50.000
But, on the other hand, I also believe that there are other concepts used in in different projects, which we should maybe also try to adopt, and I think I mean, I I believe the role of the Gc.

01:12:50.000 --> 01:13:03.000
Is here. Then I mean to basically see what are the needs and understand what are the needs of our community.

01:13:03.000 --> 01:13:04.000
And what are my, what processes are maybe broken. What?

01:13:04.000 --> 01:13:13.000
What do you? What does not work so well for us?

01:13:13.000 --> 01:13:18.000
Are there any other concepts which we can basically borrow from that?

01:13:18.000 --> 01:13:23.000
That's what I wanted to add to on those suggestion.

01:13:23.000 --> 01:13:30.000
And so what I also believe should be a goal of the Tc.

01:13:30.000 --> 01:13:39.000
This year is to I mean, try to help the community to streamline the ease of use of our different projects, because I'm I'm saying that because I remember from the lastappropriate global phone.

01:13:39.000 --> 01:13:53.000
Many people were users of, or projects, were saying, oh, they are so difficult to use, I mean.

01:13:53.000 --> 01:14:00.000
Then they explained how to difficult is to set up a test network for hyper ledger fabric.

01:14:00.000 --> 01:14:08.000
For instance, right and then there were some talks, and they said, Well, I mean, it's so easy to set it up just just do assistance instances, and then you're done.

01:14:08.000 --> 01:14:21.000
But if you look more closely, then maybe you notice that sometimes it works so nicely and easy, because the sacrifying security to some extent, and I think there the Tc.

01:14:21.000 --> 01:14:34.000
Should should try to. I mean to to to help. I mean that we are not losing the nice security benefits we get through this to build letter technologies.

01:14:34.000 --> 01:14:40.000
By just I'm making it easier to use.

01:14:40.000 --> 01:14:47.000
Because I guess I mean it must be not so easy to set up a distributed system right?

01:14:47.000 --> 01:14:53.000
That's I want to teach you to bring you on the table

01:14:53.000 --> 01:14:58.000
Alright, thanks. Marcus Promo

01:14:58.000 --> 01:15:04.000
Good thanks. I I just wanted to ask a question, have passed the Tcs.

01:15:04.000 --> 01:15:25.000
Or Tcs considered the providing some kind of permanent test for people to spin up different networks and and apply different tools like drawn from the apology projects like this relates to what I think Marcus is saying, is people find it hard to like set up.

01:15:25.000 --> 01:15:29.000
The network, sometimes

01:15:29.000 --> 01:15:36.000
Yeah, I think there has been discussions of test beds and test infrastructure.

01:15:36.000 --> 01:15:40.000
I I think it boils down to cost. And how do we cover those costs?

01:15:40.000 --> 01:15:57.000
Is what it really comes down to. So I think that's been the the biggest challenge. And anybody who has knowledge otherwise or or knowledge, specifically, you know, who would like to add to that place, too.

01:15:57.000 --> 01:15:58.000
Thanks.

01:15:58.000 --> 01:16:02.000
Sure that's something that we've talked about.

01:16:02.000 --> 01:16:13.000
Basically since day 0 setting up test nets. And it does come down to cost and expectation of support.

01:16:13.000 --> 01:16:33.000
One of the big things that we ran into following the workshop that we did last year was there was a test network that was set up for the workshop, and we continued to get questions about, where are the stuff that I did during the workshop go and we you know the the people who ran that

01:16:33.000 --> 01:16:44.000
Test not only ran up for like 3 days, so there's some expectation setting that would need to happen with the community about the test net is a test net, and it will go away.

01:16:44.000 --> 01:16:52.000
So it it. It's a little more complex than just spin some stuff up and let people test

01:16:52.000 --> 01:16:56.000
Yup!

01:16:56.000 --> 01:16:57.000
Alright! Tomorrow

01:16:57.000 --> 01:17:00.000
Thanks.

01:17:00.000 --> 01:17:12.000
Yeah, I, I actually had a small comments about like Stevens thing on the pipelines and making sure we have releasingable artifacts.

01:17:12.000 --> 01:17:23.000
Is that like, for example, for the Ursa Library, it's by coincidence that a colleague of mine made a full request for that a few months ago.

01:17:23.000 --> 01:17:33.000
But it hasn't been looked at, March, and I think that's maybe also a problem, I think, especially in, for example, with Ursa Project. That isn't very actively maintained that there's maybe not always ownership.

01:17:33.000 --> 01:17:45.000
Than over. Who yeah reviews those pool requests

01:17:45.000 --> 01:17:48.000
Alright. Thanks. Timo. Okay.

01:17:48.000 --> 01:17:49.000
Yeah, Mike, kind of follows on some of the other ones.

01:17:49.000 --> 01:17:52.000
Around good practices. We heard about like security, breast practices, and and ci pipeline.

01:17:52.000 --> 01:17:57.000
Good practices, but I think it would be nice to plot that together into an overall project.

01:17:57.000 --> 01:18:20.000
Good practices or best practices. We have, like the checklist that we did last year, which is, I think, a good start, but I think we can go further than that and say, these are the different things you need to think about for a project, and maybe they link to a deep dive like a deep link to a deep

01:18:20.000 --> 01:18:25.000
Dive on security good practices, and Ci. Good practices.

01:18:25.000 --> 01:18:30.000
But overall, I think there's a lot of considerations for managing a project that people need to consider and if you're bringing a new project in your or you're a new maintainer, you probably don't know a lot about a lot of those things.

01:18:30.000 --> 01:18:35.000
So, you know, even like there's a lot of Github settings it's hard to know which ones are recommended.

01:18:35.000 --> 01:18:44.000
We've had conversation in the past week about Zen Hub versus Github projects for managing backlogs that issues things like that.

01:18:44.000 --> 01:19:00.000
So there's just a whole host of things. I think it'd be good to have a one-stop shop kind of umbrella location that we can then link off to for these different aspects

01:19:00.000 --> 01:19:05.000
Thanks, man.

01:19:05.000 --> 01:19:17.000
Alright, so I'm not seeing any hands at the moment, so I'm just going to kind of go through the list that I've heard so far to see if it sparks any other ideas.

01:19:17.000 --> 01:19:22.000
Really, I think project health came up a couple of times related to Ersa.

01:19:22.000 --> 01:19:30.000
And how do we improve the project? How the compatibility across projects and eliminating redundancy is a is another item.

01:19:30.000 --> 01:19:37.000
Security came up multiple times, increasing adoption. Yeah, I mean, tooling and validation.

01:19:37.000 --> 01:19:38.000
That's practices came up in different context.

01:19:38.000 --> 01:19:51.000
We just heard from from Dave about, you know. Maybe it's project best practices, and that included best practices for security for automated pipelines for project management.

01:19:51.000 --> 01:19:57.000
For how we configure Github that sort of thing.

01:19:57.000 --> 01:20:09.000
I heard that there's some processes that we might want to either bring to other communities or bring other communities processes into Hyper Ledger.

01:20:09.000 --> 01:20:14.000
Really, understanding what other projects do, and what we might want to adopt from there.

01:20:14.000 --> 01:20:18.000
There is the streamlining, the the ease of use, right?

01:20:18.000 --> 01:20:19.000
So I think that goes hand in hand with some of the adoption piece.

01:20:19.000 --> 01:20:31.000
But really streamlining it and making sure that it's easy to startup.

01:20:31.000 --> 01:20:43.000
Maybe a different blockchain network, and still ensure that we're taking into account things like security and and how would we run this and a healthy way?

01:20:43.000 --> 01:20:46.000
So I think those are the the topics that I captured.

01:20:46.000 --> 01:20:53.000
I think there's another one which a lot of the returning Tooc numbers are going to hate me for bringing up.

01:20:53.000 --> 01:21:02.000
But it is something that the Company Board had a discussion about which is really related to the status or the health of projects.

01:21:02.000 --> 01:21:16.000
And how do we ensure that projects are remaining healthy, either through some sort of badging process, or through some sort of listing of what it requires for projects that have graduated?

01:21:16.000 --> 01:21:17.000
You know right now our project life cycle is a Ford only life cycle.

01:21:17.000 --> 01:21:30.000
And and there's been discussions about whether that life cycle process needs to change or needs to be enhanced in any way, shape or form.

01:21:30.000 --> 01:21:31.000
I think we've had this discussion at least once for the past 3 years.

01:21:31.000 --> 01:21:40.000
If not longer. But I do think it is something that we do need to see if we can come to some sort of resolution about how do we?

01:21:40.000 --> 01:21:46.000
How do we go about handling that so that's what I captured so far.

01:21:46.000 --> 01:21:52.000
There are a few Toc members that we haven't heard from yet.

01:21:52.000 --> 01:21:57.000
I would love to to hear from those Poc members who haven't had a chance to speak yet.

01:21:57.000 --> 01:22:01.000
And anybody else who that lives. On a jog.

01:22:01.000 --> 01:22:20.000
Some other things in their mind about what it is that they'd like to see us accomplish, and 2023

01:22:20.000 --> 01:22:23.000
Jim.

01:22:23.000 --> 01:22:24.000
Yeah, thanks. Tracy. Sorry for being late, I guess.

01:22:24.000 --> 01:22:37.000
Just the general thought around enabling the high Pledge base project on public chains.

01:22:37.000 --> 01:22:47.000
I guess, depending on the the specific project. Some are naturally have a need to support that versus others, especially the the Lt projects that you don't necessarily have that goal.

01:22:47.000 --> 01:23:03.000
But a lot of projects are by design, cross chain takers, bevel, firefly.

01:23:03.000 --> 01:23:10.000
I I just feel like also Aries or the other enterprise.

01:23:10.000 --> 01:23:40.000
The other did related projects. So many of our customers are looking at stacks that enable them to to do solutions within a permission, setting in consortiums, but they also want to enable and engage a wider settled participants, and you know, public chains become a

01:23:40.000 --> 01:24:03.000
Natural place to do that. And there's more than one occasion where the Hyper Ledger stack would have been the perfect choice, except for that you can't use it on public chains, and they would have to go with a lesser less mature stack as a result, so I don't know what what are the specific

01:24:03.000 --> 01:24:14.000
Concrete things we could do to encourage that. But I would say, you know, from our messaging, from our marketing, fronts we can.

01:24:14.000 --> 01:24:21.000
We can, we can do more to encourage this

01:24:21.000 --> 01:24:25.000
Alright, Thanks, Jim Bobby.

01:24:25.000 --> 01:24:44.000
Yeah, I was in a meeting with the learning Materials working group, which now has new leadership with David Boswell, and we were discussing how the new reorganization of that will help the community and one of the things we were discussing is kind of the documentation standards and

01:24:44.000 --> 01:24:51.000
the standards for people coming into the community. How do they find the resources so that's something that definitely, I'll be working with the learning materials, working group, moving forward with David to try to figure out how to support the community?

01:24:51.000 --> 01:25:04.000
Once they get into the community, the resources with the resources we have available

01:25:04.000 --> 01:25:10.000
Alright great thanks, Bobby.

01:25:10.000 --> 01:25:29.000
Any other thoughts that people have specific goals that they have for the 2,023 Tc. Term

01:25:29.000 --> 01:25:34.000
Yes, I'd like to know is that I was slightly shifted because I was surprised.

01:25:34.000 --> 01:25:38.000
I can't see previous meetings for a couple of times.

01:25:38.000 --> 01:25:44.000
And was it sisters? For an hour after, or something like that?

01:25:44.000 --> 01:25:51.000
And is the time and calendar. Will is the right time currently

01:25:51.000 --> 01:25:58.000
Yeah, Victor. So we we haven't met for probably 3, maybe potentially 4 weeks.

01:25:58.000 --> 01:26:06.000
Okay.

01:26:06.000 --> 01:26:07.000
And this is

01:26:07.000 --> 01:26:10.000
Just holidays. The holidays schedules for most people were a little, I think, shifted some to early holidays, some took later holidays, and so we wanted to make sure that we didn't.

01:26:10.000 --> 01:26:11.000
That's moving everybody's time off and make sure that there there wasn't any.

01:26:11.000 --> 01:26:25.000
Sort of issues there. And I think we actually canceled the one right before the holidays as well, because we didn't have any specific topics to to discuss during that one.

01:26:25.000 --> 01:26:28.000
So, yeah, it has probably been a month since the the Tlc.

01:26:28.000 --> 01:26:32.000
Has met, and so no time changes just related to the holidays

01:26:32.000 --> 01:26:34.000
Okay. Thank you very much.

01:26:34.000 --> 01:26:40.000
Yep.

01:26:40.000 --> 01:26:49.000
Alright. Other other thoughts on on Goals for the 2023 term

01:26:49.000 --> 01:26:58.000
I think we have a really good list. I do think that there is the potential to take off some task forces from these from this list.

01:26:58.000 --> 01:27:06.000
So what my plan is is to basically take the chicken scratch they had here and and put them into the agenda.

01:27:06.000 --> 01:27:10.000
The meeting notes so that everybody can see kind of what they are and maybe think about.

01:27:10.000 --> 01:27:29.000
You know some potential task forces that we could kick off for the 2023 time that we can make sure that we're continuing to have discussions really sounds like there's some some things around different sorts of best practices that we might want to put together task forces.

01:27:29.000 --> 01:27:40.000
Around, you know. Maybe some thoughts around the the different sort of ways in which we might ease the adoption of the different projects that we have.

01:27:40.000 --> 01:27:45.000
There could be something around that. But yeah, happy to have any other thoughts.

01:27:45.000 --> 01:28:03.000
That people might add to include in that list

01:28:03.000 --> 01:28:08.000
I think we did have everybody from the the Toc. Who had an opportunity to to speak.

01:28:08.000 --> 01:28:12.000
So that's really good. Thank you for the particularation.

01:28:12.000 --> 01:28:13.000
Now, okay. So I think with that, just I wanna cover.

01:28:13.000 --> 01:28:25.000
What else is left on this page? Just so we can have a make sure that everybody is aware of what's happening here.

01:28:25.000 --> 01:28:30.000
So the Hlf. Operator project proposal has come in.

01:28:30.000 --> 01:28:38.000
There has been some discussions that have been ongoing with the the bevel community about potentially bringing the it.

01:28:38.000 --> 01:28:42.000
Joef operator into bevel as a fabric operator.

01:28:42.000 --> 01:28:53.000
The those conversations are continuing. So we're leaving the project project proposal open until there's been some sort of formal resolution on that.

01:28:53.000 --> 01:29:03.000
But that's the expectation at this point is that that project is going to, or that proposal is really going to become part of devil.

01:29:03.000 --> 01:29:11.000
So we'll we'll continue to keep an eye on that and see how those conversations progress to to make sure that we don't have to do anything specific.

01:29:11.000 --> 01:29:14.000
There, Jim!

01:29:14.000 --> 01:29:15.000
Yeah, just a quick comment on this. Yeah, definitely babble.

01:29:15.000 --> 01:29:24.000
But I thought, there's also another labs contribute about Ibm on the same, basically the same functionality, right?

01:29:24.000 --> 01:29:30.000
A operator for for fabric.

01:29:30.000 --> 01:29:33.000
You mean the fabry smart client

01:29:33.000 --> 01:29:41.000
Yeah, I zoom that. That team is also involved in the discussions

01:29:41.000 --> 01:29:42.000
Yeah, Jim is right. There's also a fabric.

01:29:42.000 --> 01:29:54.000
Dash operator lab that's out there. So those that and the Hlf operator are kind of meeting similar objectives

01:29:54.000 --> 01:30:04.000
Yeah, I think, I think that there's potentially even third or fourth it's sort of operator out there related to the fabric that I think it.

01:30:04.000 --> 01:30:13.000
Would be really good to have these communities coming together under kind of a single group right to to really make sure that.

01:30:13.000 --> 01:30:19.000
Yeah, the operator is going to meet whatever the needs are for the different uses of the operator.

01:30:19.000 --> 01:30:29.000
And I would really like to see those conversations happen within the bevel community, and making sure that the the right things are done with moving forward.

01:30:29.000 --> 01:30:34.000
So that's I think you know, definitely a known.

01:30:34.000 --> 01:30:41.000
So space that there's a lot of interest in I it's really the point.

01:30:41.000 --> 01:30:46.000
Fabric is is big, and I think there's a lot of different ways in which people have a purchase.

01:30:46.000 --> 01:31:05.000
And so I do think double is, is the right community to to make that happen, and to to make sure that all the voices are heard so would definitely encourage anybody who either is on this call or knows the right people to to get involved in those conversations, to to reach out to the bevel community to

01:31:05.000 --> 01:31:10.000
Make sure that there's those conversations are are had

01:31:10.000 --> 01:31:20.000
Right, Tracy, would you expect Bevel to do some kind of assessment across these various operators, and choosing which ones to more closely partner with

01:31:20.000 --> 01:31:21.000
Yeah, there has definitely been a conversation about that, Dave about.

01:31:21.000 --> 01:31:28.000
Making sure that there's, you know, understanding of what's out there.

01:31:28.000 --> 01:31:31.000
And and really looking at the the space as a whole.

01:31:31.000 --> 01:31:50.000
So I you know, would definitely encourage right? Dave, if you're the right person, or you know the right people to to maybe have a conversation with the bevel maintainers to make sure that you know the good needs and in desires of that fabric operator lab and anybody else who has an

01:31:50.000 --> 01:32:10.000
Operator that they they think is, you know, the the right one to bring into this, that have those conversations to make sure that you know all of the different, I think requirements right on that, by whatever it is that they the bevel operators bring in, because the other piece of this right is that with devil

01:32:10.000 --> 01:32:17.000
I think the the idea is that how do you are probably all aware, right it deploys multiple blockchain frameworks.

01:32:17.000 --> 01:32:23.000
And so want to make sure that as we think about operators we're thinking about them.

01:32:23.000 --> 01:32:28.000
One for the individual blockchain platforms, but also across the board.

01:32:28.000 --> 01:32:32.000
What should an operator look like for the different sorts of blockchain by Mark?

01:32:32.000 --> 01:32:45.000
So, you know, that's I. I do. You know, I had a conversation this morning with Sonac, who's one of the Double Maintainers, and we did talk about right like what is the right thing for us to be doing?

01:32:45.000 --> 01:32:50.000
And how do we lay out kind of the design pattern for what these operators are?

01:32:50.000 --> 01:32:54.000
So yeah, definitely, that's the right space, I think to be having the conversation.

01:32:54.000 --> 01:33:01.000
Dave, please, if you have you or that person, let's get you connected with some act.

01:33:01.000 --> 01:33:05.000
If there's somebody else we should connect. You's related to the fabric operator.

01:33:05.000 --> 01:33:08.000
Let us know. We can make sure that those conversations are being had

01:33:08.000 --> 01:33:13.000
Okay. Thanks.

01:33:13.000 --> 01:33:18.000
And I know you had your hand up. You're definitely been involved in those conversations as well.

01:33:18.000 --> 01:33:19.000
So as a double name here, so

01:33:19.000 --> 01:33:25.000
Right. I think you're covered, hey? I wanted to. Just you covered all the points that I wanted to say.

01:33:25.000 --> 01:33:29.000
Yeah, they will, as such, as you know has been.

01:33:29.000 --> 01:33:37.000
Looking into the next phase of the the release, like, now that it is matured being that installer will be better person.

01:33:37.000 --> 01:33:43.000
But I'll try to summarize. I think said the future version of Devil.

01:33:43.000 --> 01:33:49.000
They're planning to have flexibility in how people choose to deploy.

01:33:49.000 --> 01:33:53.000
Some of these components. So there's right now there is support for help.

01:33:53.000 --> 01:34:01.000
Operator and future there's going to be projects, specific operators such as fabric operator of the Hs operator.

01:34:01.000 --> 01:34:22.000
If we can unify that, and then consider one of those operator as and the project specific operator, it would also be placed alongside, so the the choice of deploying to from and from the user perspective, they would be able to choose either they need this project operator they want to go with an helm

01:34:22.000 --> 01:34:32.000
Operator concept except so that is definitely a good place to be in but I still feel like there is possibility for us to call right across.

01:34:32.000 --> 01:34:44.000
Considering maintainers from cello cooperated, and it's less operated, and then bringing them along with and sorry I will project.

01:34:44.000 --> 01:34:51.000
Maintain this on all on one call, and discussing it further

01:34:51.000 --> 01:34:57.000
Not so. Then the other items that we have our backlog items.

01:34:57.000 --> 01:35:01.000
So these come directly from our Github issues tracking.

01:35:01.000 --> 01:35:07.000
We have the update, the security process. We did kick off the security task force for that.

01:35:07.000 --> 01:35:21.000
So we're continuing to bring this open until the security task force comes back with, you know, the best practices that we need to make sure that we're consistently implementing across the different hyper ledger projects.

01:35:21.000 --> 01:35:23.000
So that is an ongoing item, this other one that's on here, which is just been open 2 days ago.

01:35:23.000 --> 01:35:35.000
If I ride as to record, to move project reports to Github.

01:35:35.000 --> 01:35:39.000
There's some discussion that's been happening on the the issue itself.

01:35:39.000 --> 01:35:54.000
But I think that is definitely a topic that we should discuss as the Toc.

01:35:54.000 --> 01:35:55.000
Sure.

01:35:55.000 --> 01:35:56.000
So ry. I don't know if you want to give like an overview of what you're thinking here and then that people comment on the issue throughout the week, and then we can talk about this further.

01:35:56.000 --> 01:35:58.000
Maybe next week.

01:35:58.000 --> 01:35:59.000
Sure, what I would like to do if you can.

01:35:59.000 --> 01:36:11.000
Open, that

01:36:11.000 --> 01:36:22.000
So what I would like to do is currently the Quarterly reports are in the wiki, and there are some good things, and there's some downsides with that.

01:36:22.000 --> 01:36:26.000
The reason that I would like to do that is, if you scroll down a little bit.

01:36:26.000 --> 01:36:35.000
Is, it's much easier to get a a history of the voting and the comments.

01:36:35.000 --> 01:36:41.000
And, you know, recorded form, you know, currently in the wiki.

01:36:41.000 --> 01:36:50.000
It's it's in the wiki, but it's a little bit difficult to get to to find out who did what, who said?

01:36:50.000 --> 01:36:58.000
What? And my idea here is that the the the the votes?

01:36:58.000 --> 01:37:03.000
I'm sorry not the votes as people read it, as Toc members read it.

01:37:03.000 --> 01:37:18.000
They would mark it as approved, and then, once there's some number of people who have approved it, it would be it would be merged, and the conversation would be captured in the get history over here.

01:37:18.000 --> 01:37:37.000
Yeah. Part of this is my, there, I don't know when there's going to be a change to how confluence there is a change that how confluence is licensed period at last it has changed that I don't know what the Linux foundation plan is around that how

01:37:37.000 --> 01:37:40.000
We're going to handle that turbulence coming in the future.

01:37:40.000 --> 01:37:45.000
And I don't want to deal with it again.

01:37:45.000 --> 01:37:50.000
There are some. It's really kind of parable.

01:37:50.000 --> 01:38:01.000
How's the Github Macros work in confluence, and every once in a while it breaks, and then I have to go on a journey of discovery to find out what exactly broke.

01:38:01.000 --> 01:38:14.000
So my assumption is that Github, Macros and the like that are on a get a project would have less chance of breaking, and I would like to remove that journey of discovery for myself.

01:38:14.000 --> 01:38:18.000
And then we would end up as a room.

01:38:18.000 --> 01:38:31.000
Point out if you can click on the link for the governance rendered site the we would end up over here with a tab that would have the like.

01:38:31.000 --> 01:38:43.000
The inquiry's technical charter, we would end up with a a tab under there that would have the project reports going back in history, and if you look if you switch over to the Toc.

01:38:43.000 --> 01:38:54.000
If you go to tc, dot hyper ledger.org

01:38:54.000 --> 01:39:04.000
So if you go to, you know any any of these like the the members, the Tsc members

01:39:04.000 --> 01:39:05.000
This is a page that shows, you know, the history. We would have something like this that would have like here.

01:39:05.000 --> 01:39:21.000
The you know. Q 1, 2023 reports, or whatever, and it would show the history of what they are, and it would be easier to find I believe it would have higher Google rank.

01:39:21.000 --> 01:39:28.000
I see Steven has his hand up

01:39:28.000 --> 01:39:33.000
Yeah. One thing sort of independent of what you're proposal is.

01:39:33.000 --> 01:39:42.000
But but along the same veins of things we could as a as a Tooc sort of have a goal of is generated.

01:39:42.000 --> 01:39:53.000
General sites off of Markdown. I see the benefit of what you're proposing is this becomes an actual website as opposed to part of confluence.

01:39:53.000 --> 01:40:01.000
And and so give us the ability to present the data in better ways.

01:40:01.000 --> 01:40:16.000
I want to spin off of of this this particular use case to encourage the the Toc to figure out how we can help projects move past.

01:40:16.000 --> 01:40:36.000
Read me.md. Files that are sitting in a github repo versus a generated static website or static generated website that that is a much friendlier, more welcoming and easier to understand version of the same information so I think this is a general a general issue which is how do we

01:40:36.000 --> 01:40:44.000
Take the information and make it more accessible to you know new people to contributors, to maintainers, to the particular audience.

01:40:44.000 --> 01:40:56.000
For the particular thing you're talking about. So in in what rise, talking about, you can find a way to find all of the projects and drill down to find the quarterly reports, or you could take an individual project.

01:40:56.000 --> 01:41:19.000
Sorry you can take the Toc view, which is, I want to see all the quarterly reports for all the projects and present a view that way, but also present a view that is, here's the you know, Hyper Ledger aries project and here's the history of the of the report so you have much more

01:41:19.000 --> 01:41:32.000
Control over how the information gets displayed. I think it's a good practice in general, but it's hard to do, or at least it's not easy to do, and and I think all the teams are going through figuring out.

01:41:32.000 --> 01:41:35.000
How to do it. What's the best practices? And so on.

01:41:35.000 --> 01:41:36.000
So I think the Poc. Could help. There

01:41:36.000 --> 01:41:42.000
Agreed. We have a mark down material docs that we pay for.

01:41:42.000 --> 01:41:49.000
That's excellent that I would like to get more projects using currently base is really the only one using.

01:41:49.000 --> 01:41:54.000
I would also like to get all the projects off of read the docs and start using github pages to publish their documentation.

01:41:54.000 --> 01:42:01.000
And much like this, Tooc, Hyperlasia, org, you know.

01:42:01.000 --> 01:42:17.000
That's that's a get up, Page. I would like to get, you know everybody off of these bespoke platforms into one place, and that one place is is Github.

01:42:17.000 --> 01:42:28.000
Right now. So that's a longer term goal. But I'm glad that you brought it up, because it would be much easier if everybody was on Github

01:42:28.000 --> 01:42:32.000
Steven.

01:42:32.000 --> 01:42:41.000
Yeah, so example of that. Just so, you know, is, we just went through a assessment of, should we use make docks material?

01:42:41.000 --> 01:42:48.000
Or should we use documents which one you know, and and and it would be really nice not to have every project have to evaluate that figure out how to do it.

01:42:48.000 --> 01:43:00.000
Figure out how it applies to them, but actually have a way to to just say, Oh, you do this, this and this, and now you have generated docs.

01:43:00.000 --> 01:43:03.000
And now it's much more about the content and less about how you present it.

01:43:03.000 --> 01:43:07.000
Agreed or no

01:43:07.000 --> 01:43:08.000
Sorry Tracy

01:43:08.000 --> 01:43:13.000
Yeah, and just maybe piling on there for a moment. That's okay.

01:43:13.000 --> 01:43:30.000
Planning on there for a moment. I do know that some of the the work that Bobby and the Documentation Task Force was doing last year related to some of this, but I I would it sounds like maybe there's some configuration of that happening this year but oh, no I think

01:43:30.000 --> 01:43:32.000
You're gonna have the last word

01:43:32.000 --> 01:43:37.000
Yeah. And I'll be quick. I I just wanted to follow, because, as people may see on the screen, I had actually asked right to explain a little bit more, give a bit more background.

01:43:37.000 --> 01:43:45.000
I think this discussion highlights the fact that I think, you know the proposal I I I'm not against it. I think it.

01:43:45.000 --> 01:43:58.000
Lacked a little bit of, you know, details as to what it would actually mean, what, how we would use this.

01:43:58.000 --> 01:44:08.000
So, you know, I think this needs to be laid out properly, so that we can have a formal purple put before the talk

01:44:08.000 --> 01:44:09.000
Agreed.

01:44:09.000 --> 01:44:10.000
But thank you.

01:44:10.000 --> 01:44:11.000
Alright!

01:44:11.000 --> 01:44:14.000
Thanks, Arnold. So yeah, let's let's continue the conversation on that Github issue, and we will bring it up again next week.

01:44:14.000 --> 01:44:32.000
If we have something that's more formal that we can propose to to vote on.

01:44:14.000 --> 01:44:32.000
But

