1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-06-22 Cactus Meeting Agenda](2020-06-22-Cactus-Meeting-Agenda_20414549.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-06-22 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Jun 22, 2020

Recording: [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414552/20414560.txt)

Attendees:

1. Peter Somogyvari
2. Shingo Fujimoto
3. Takuma Takeuchi
4. Doris Benda
5. Hart Montgomery
6. Clive Boulton

Discussion:

1. Brief announcements–Cactus in the LF newsletter.
2. Quarterly report
   
   1. Done by Hart, up for review by the community.
   2. Peter made some changes, Hart will copy over to the main TSC directory before the deadline.
3. Whitepaper feedback on proposed changes from Doris
   
   1. Expect more progress this week.
   2. Some suggestions from Peter.
4. Discussion:  process PRs in order.
   
   1. Don't necessarily have to accept or reject in order, but should review in order.
   2. Necessary for an open, inclusive community.
   3. Exception for security-critical or priority bugs.
5. Open PRs:
   
   1. 172:  some slight disagreement, agreement after discussion.
   2. 174:  will be approved instantly.
   3. 179: an update of a previous PR.
      
      1. Quite a bit of discussion, with emphasis on Peter's comments.
      2. Naming conventions–there was some disagreement.
      3. Takuma to make some recommended changes, then everyone will agree and PR will be merged.
   4. 194:  relatively long discussion on directory structure.
      
      1. Ran out of time, to be continued.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414552/20414560.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
