1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-07-21 Meeting notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 10, 2020

## Date

21 Jul 2020

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- @Doben
- @Ernest Kurniawan

## Discussion items

1. Copyright notice
   
   1. Noted no guidance from Linux Foundation / Hyperledger on specific copyright boilerplate; each project has adopted its own norms
   2. There is no new guidance on DCO
   3. Affirmed that existing code copyright notices can / should remain
   4. Agreed to a general boilerplate of "Copyright Cactus Contributors"
2. [Member Summit Sept 10 - 11](https://www.hyperledger.org/event/hyperledger-member-summit-2)
   
   1. Community interest to participate
   2. Deadline to submit should be soon, but we don't know exact date
3. PR Review
   
   1. 194 - Peter will help with merge challenge to avoid a new PR opening
   2. 196 - Raphael made fresh commit, maintainers to review
   3. 216 - Doris made fresh commits, maintainers to review
   4. 219 - Approved to merge
   5. 222 - Discussed potential for co-existence of Docker-compose &amp; all-in-one container solutions; PR should continue on these grounds but some additional feedback requests
   6. 223 - Clarified limited to application layer

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414586/20414587.txt) 

## Action items

- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) will confirm Member Summit submission deadline &amp; move thread to online
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)  will create issue for adding existing automated test cases to the Contributing doc

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414586/20414587.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
