1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-08-18 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda](2020-08-18-Cactus-Maintainers-Meeting-Agenda_20414624.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-18 Meeting notes

Created by Clive Boulton, last modified by Ry Jones on Aug 19, 2020

## Recording:

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414643/20414652.txt)

## Date

18 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- @Arnab Roy
- [Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)

## Announcements

- Hart opened with Code of Conduct and Anti Compete Notice

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes5HL Member Summit talkShingo, Takuma

 Talk submitted?  Pending engineering discussions. Making some edits

15 min

Salesforce membrane proof of concept

Peter, Clive, Takuma

1. Github Issue: [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/253](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/253)
2. PoC branch Peter has been messing around with: [https://github.com/petermetz/blockchain-integration-framework/tree/feat/core-api/in-process-plugin-isolation-253](https://github.com/petermetz/blockchain-integration-framework/tree/feat/core-api/in-process-plugin-isolation-253)

Discussion about ES6 shim to stop on plugin exfiltration the key of another plugin (could be an NPM plugin or identity or validation). The second issue is to protect one key from overwriting a public key (creating man in the middle vulnerability).  

10 minWhitepaper - anything to discussHart, Shingo, CliveThe consensus is Cactus should design and implement in code first and write conference whitepaper after-the-fact. Shingo suggested writing mini papers on specific topics toward the whitepaper. Another way is the pre-conference academic paper. Shingo and other maintainers happy to proofread and give feedback (but priority is still to design and implement in code first).   25 min

while(openPRs) do processNextPr();

Peter, Takuma, Shingo, 

PR #227 validatorDriver - Approved

PR #245 build(karma): add browser testing capability – Bit more time to review 

PR #246 feat(common): Stable Signature Generation for JS Objects – Approved

PR #242 feat(plugin-consortium-manual):JSON Web Signatures for Nodes, Consortium – Accepted

PR #190 feat (corda all in one docker image): runs a...

PR 11316 feat (CommonJsPlugin): magic comment to ignore require calls 

PR #222 Shingo approved

PR #255 feat(common): KeyConverter class to and from PEM/hex/buffer ~~ new PR, please look at it.

2 minBIFPeter

Now How It Works with [Doris Benda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/600ce64de3a14d0071b77bd2?ref=confluence)  's changes (I think ~~) https://github.com/petermetz/blockchain-integration-framework/tree/feat/simple-asset-transfer-new-architecture-189

## Action items

@Hart plans to discuss whitepaper, relay priorities / possible pre-conference steps with Rafael during the next Western European time zone Cactus meeting.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414643/20414652.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
