1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-12-08 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda](2020-12-08-Cactus-Maintainers-Meeting-Agenda_20414826.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-12-08 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 14, 2020

## Date

08 Dec 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414846/20414854.txt)

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- Arnab Roy

## Discussion items

- (1) Proposal to return to bi-weekly maintainer call schedule
  
  - Return to bi-weekly maintainer call schedule
  - Fujitsu members will take vacations on 1st week January.
  - Accenture members will take vacations on the latter of December, then the meeting Dec 15th is the last meeting on this year.
- (2) Q4 TSC Report
  
  - The perpose of this presentation is promotion
  - The event date of HGF is not sure?
  - We will propose the new Cactus architecture, which is merged with both companies' codes.
  - We need to brush up demo plan
  - For first 5 minutes we will explain our features and for other time we will explain loadmap
  - The draft will be made by Peter, Jonathan, Hart, Shingo, and Takuma
  - The google docs for the slide draft will be created by Shingo soon.  Other members will join to help it.
- (3) Vulnerability Disclosure Processes:  what are our next steps?
  
  - This issue was suggested from Jpadman and Wmealing (RedHat) last week.
  - We already agreed with their needs.
- (4) Ad-hoc discussion items
  
  - PR396: -&gt; OK
  - PR331 will be discussed on the GitHub PR.
- (5) Pull requests
  
  - PR368: "Controlling" means such as sending transaction to the ledger. Peter will check Shingo's reply on the GitHub PR.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414846/20414854.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
