1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-09-15 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda](2020-09-15-Cactus-Maintainers-Meeting-Agenda_20414687.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-09-15 Cactus Contributors Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Sep 21, 2020

## Date

15 Sep 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414693/20414701.txt)

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- Roy Arnab

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes35 min

Ad-hoc:

clarification of I/F spec

Shingo, Peter, Takuma

The topic about role of validator and RIF is issued by Shingo.

Peter suggested the addition of keychain system (validator signs LedgerEvent and verifier checks)

Takuma added the validator monitors of blockchain in order to get block data

Peter agrees on the idea.

1 minMember summit feedbackShingoWe had a good discussion at the member summit.20 minPull requests

Peter, Shngo, Takuma 

PR #255  - Pending request (format of PEM etc.) from Shingo

PR #276  - Server Utility - Approved

## Action items

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) will invite Mike on one of Cactus regular meeting.
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) will review PR #258.
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) will revise PR #281 reflecting Peter's comment.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414693/20414701.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
