1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-06 Meeting notes

Created by Clive Boulton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 10, 2020

## Date

06 Aug 2020

## Recording:

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414605/20414614.txt)

## Attendees

- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- [Rafael Belchior](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:0476fdbd-25a2-41d4-9ba2-27de7ea0f715?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- @Luciano Augusto Campagnoli...
- [Sownak Roy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f6defc406e342007131c946?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- @91991147135*

## Goals

- Western time zone friendly Cactus meeting

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotesAcademic paperRafael

Consideration of Fabric equivalent Cactus academic whitepaper  

new itemSownakDiscussion of pushing TypeScript PR to DockerHub  
updateSownakLedger plugin merge questions

SownakQ. On NPM error. A from Peter: [Contributing to Cactus by adding-a-new-public-npm-dependency-to-one-of-the-packages](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-a-new-public-npm-dependency-to-one-of-the-packages)  
SignaturesPeterConsortium plugin signatures ~~ PR 242 in progress  
X-platformPeterCross-platform PR underway  
Validators questionRafael

Q. Are all nodes validators?

A. Peter: It is fluid, depends on each plugin.

Q. Rafael ~ more a connector than a validator?

A. Peter yes, but still in development

## Action items

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)remarked will update whitepaper to make 'validators vs connectors' question clear (when maintainers settled)
  
  Created an issue on Github to make sure this is not forgotten: [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/249](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/249) – Peter
- [Rafael Belchior](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:0476fdbd-25a2-41d4-9ba2-27de7ea0f715?ref=confluence) please message [cactus@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:cactus@lists.hyperledger.org) on substantial design question to include maintainers in Japan

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414605/20414614.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
