1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-06-15 Cactus Meeting Agenda](2020-06-15-Cactus-Meeting-Agenda_20414543.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-06-15 Meeting notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton on Jun 16, 2020

## Date

16 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- DOBEN
- Ernest K

## Discussion items

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414545/20414546.txt)

1. @DOBEN [PDF Feedback on Whitepaper](https://chat.hyperledger.org/file-upload/YjNwc6wnBypHyMBvJ/Suggestions%20white%20paper.pdf)
   
   1. Discussed alignment in principle.  Requested to open an issue to track overall improvement need and submit individual pull requests for detailed feedback.
2. Phase Out Support for Node 10x [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/150](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/150)
   
   1. Approved to proceed, no functional impact
3. All outstanding pull request reviews - sorted by date and time of opening, starting with the oldest outstanding ones.
   
   1. 161 – request to contributor to trace commit and timestamp from baseline
   2. 162 - approved, discussed use of Test Anything Protocol [https://testanything.org/](https://testanything.org/) &amp; to include definition of it in Contributors
   3. 168 - approved
   4. 172 - approved, with work to add in separate examples in another PR
   5. 173 - approved
   6. 174 - approved
   7. 175 - approved, templating would need to be in another PR
   8. 179 - Peter will investigate where additional comments went
   9. 184 - approved, at a later point we will refactor from Javascript to Typescript &amp; test automation

<!--THE END-->

- Maintainers to approve approved PRs ![(smile)](images/icons/emoticons/smile.png)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414545/20414546.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
