1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-08-10 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda](2020-08-10-Cactus-Maintainers-Meeting-Agenda_20414618.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-10 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Jonathan Hamilton on Aug 11, 2020

## Recording:

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414627/20414639.txt)

## Date

10 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- Doris Benda
- su-yu.kuo

## Goals

- Make a decision about the meeting agendas and go through PRs.

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotesIntroductionsEveryone

- Note: No one wanted to be introduced.

15 minPull-request about Karma+Webpack based browser tests (PR#245)Peter

- Abstract: Peter prepared a plan of browser tests of the common package.
- Discussion point: Questions about Cactus's role happened.  Cactus is a server-side application, not client-side.

20 minManual consortium plugin (PR#242)Peter

- Abstract: Peter prepared a plan of manual consortium plugin
- Discussion point: Who is the consortium members of consortium plugin?
- Note: Shingo proposed the following material (The conclusion is discussed with this topic)

20 minFederation on blockchain integrated service related to the topic (PR#242)Shingo

- Abstract: Shingo prepared a plan of federation of blockchain integrated service.[![](attachments/thumbnails/20414627/20414635)](attachments/20414627/20414635.pdf)
- Discussion point: The function (registry for trustworthy validators) is almost similar to consortium plugin as Peter proposed. The difference is where is the trust point.  The registry should not be admin's one.
- Consensus:  The discussion continues to the next week.

5 minAcademic paper: current contributors, initial ideasMany

- Consensus:  We should design the Cactus architecture at first.  After this, we will summarize the output to academic paper.

PR DiscussionPeter/Many

- Note: Meeting time is over then this is postponed to the next week.

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Cactus\_FederationDiscussion\_Shingo20200810.pdf](attachments/20414627/20414635.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414627/20414639.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
