1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-09-28 Meeting Agenda](2020-09-28-Meeting-Agenda_20414708.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-09-29 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Oct 05, 2020

## Date

29 Sep 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414710/20414714.txt)

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes25 min

New timeline

Peter, Shingo, Clive

Peter suggested a new timeline of Cactus. Its replies are as the following:

- Automation program is too challenging in this timeline.  It should be postponed after version 1.
- Ledger Plugin is much more important then the development of Ledger Plugin should be prioritized.

Peter agreed on the above replies. 

30 minOutstanding PRsTakuma, Shingo, Peter

PR #298 - Sequence diagram

- Takuma and Shingo proposed a sequence diagram on Cactus architecutre
- Peter will develop plugins generating logging system of standard errors using npm packages

Some sort of agree is achieved and the result will be reflected on the updated timeline.

## Action items

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) will invite Mike on one of Cactus regular meeting.
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) will revise PR #281 reflecting Peter's comment.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414710/20414714.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414710/20414715.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
