1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-11-05 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2020-11-05-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20414774.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-11-05 Meeting notes

Created by Clive Boulton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 11, 2020

## Date

05 Nov 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414783/20414786.txt)

## Attendees

- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:84beac0b-7b03-43bc-bb31-35456bab8e0c?ref=confluence)
- @Arnab Roy
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- @Avradip

## Goals

- Weekly Cactus Maintainers Meeting

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Agenda (items copied over from meeting Agenda)

1. USA Thanksgiving week maintainer's call (Nov 24th UTC)
   
   1. Peter is off
   2. Jonathan is off
2. **v0.2.0** release shout-out
3. Peter talks about the Cactus build system (Lerna/Webpack/Typescript)
   
   1. Package categories: 
      
      ![](attachments/20414783/20414784.png?height=250)
   2. Utility to view complete package dependency graph
      
      1. SVG format
         
         ```
         $ npx lerna-dependency-graph --outputFormat svg --outputPath ./cactus-package-dependency-graph.svg
         ```
         
         [package-dependency-graph.svg](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20414774/package-dependency-graph.svg?version=1&modificationDate=1604543764243&api=v2)
      2. PDF format
         
         ```
         $ npx lerna-dependency-graph --outputFormat pdf --outputPath ./cactus-package-dependency-graph.pdf
         ```
         
         [package-dependency-graph.pdf](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20414774/package-dependency-graph.pdf?version=1&modificationDate=1604543785744&api=v2)
4. Discussion on privacy-preserving Cactus interfaces.  We need a plan (and rigorous proofs) in order to properly build these.
5. CII Badge Completion
   
   1. [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/357](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/357)
6. Confirm **v0.3.0** milestone scope
7. Ad-hoc discussion items
8. PR grinder

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes30minAn in-depth discussion about build system and testing.

Maintainers

Concerns with too many components in the sample example Catcus connectors. The proposed solution discussed is to separate out the sample example to its own git branch rather than include it with the main branch.     [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) plans to add PR to research the separation. 

10min Privacy-preserving discussion.  Hart, Avradip

 Privacy-preserving discussion and what it means for the individual blockchains and what it means for Cactus. [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)PR for design plumbing and [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) PR for implementation

Hart, Avradip, and Arnab will tackle the design.  

5minNodeJS security toolingHart and maintainers

Snyk continuously finds and fixes vulnerabilities (but is a paid service). [https://snyk.io/](https://snyk.io/)

Cactus called out on TSC list.

Hart recommended calling in David Huseby to a future meeting to cover available security tooling and automated testing [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)will reach out by email.

5minv0.2.0Peter, Shingo, Jonathan

Prep release notes. Shingo discussed the draft to inform the community of the Cactus project progress and status.

Nice to get feedback on v0.2.0

Other progress moves to v0.3.0 

5minAd-hocShingo

Is working on architecture diagram

Thanks to Peter for sharing the email with PRs that non-core maintainers in the community could work on. 

5minPR grinderPeter

Big PR for v.0.2.0 is now broken up into separate PRs 

## Action items

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) notes above
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) notes above

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [cactus-package-directory-hierarchy-2020-11-04 12-19-21.png](attachments/20414783/20414784.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414783/20414786.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
