1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-05-18 Meeting Agenda](2020-05-18-Meeting-Agenda_20414503.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-05-18 Meeting Notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton, last modified on May 19, 2020

## Date

18 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)

## Goals

- Cover [2020-05-18 Meeting Agenda](2020-05-18-Meeting-Agenda_20414503.html)

## Discussion items

From: [cactus@lists.hyperledger.org](mailto:cactus@lists.hyperledger.org) &lt;cactus@[lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)&gt; On Behalf Of [shingo\_fujimoto@fujitsu.com](mailto:shingo_fujimoto@fujitsu.com)  
Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 22:16  
To: 'cactus@[lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)' &lt;cactus@[lists.hyperledger.org](http://lists.hyperledger.org)&gt;  
Subject: \[External] \[Hyperledger Cactus] \[Draft] meeting menutes for 2020-05-18

Hi folks,

Here is meeting minutes for today's call.

Meeting notes for Cactus meeting on 2020-05-18

\* short introduction of participants

\* recorder/minutes taker is confirmed

\* Agenda will be prepared following templates provided by Hyperledger

\* PR#123 is checked online and confirmed to be merged.

\* PR#134 structural change is agreeable except placeholder for plugins (should be under )

\* PR#135 is accepted (PR#133 is closed)

\* PR#130 is suggest to be brush up contributor is seriously working the topic 'ledger migration' in academic context.

Please give me any feedbacks if you have comments or corrections for this.

Best Regards,

Shingo Fujimotob

## Recording [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414514/20414519.txt)

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [\_External_ \_Hyperledger Cactus_ \_Draft_ meeting menutes for 2020-05-18.msg](attachments/20414514/20414518.msg) (application/vnd.ms-outlook)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414514/20414519.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
