1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-03 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda

Created by Jonathan Hamilton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Aug 03, 2020

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Announcements

*None*

## Discussion

1. London Virtual Meetup Debrief
   
   1. David Boswell from LF suggested that we post the talk's video on the Cactus wiki/project page. I'm okay with it, but wanted to ask everyone else's opinion as well. - Peter
2. Member Summit Presentation - Submission status, any further preparations
3. Academic Paper - potential scope, audience
4. *Consortium Management Plugin Changes*
5. Pull Request review
6. RC question from RaphelAPB &gt; "I am working in a Polkadot ([https://polkadot.network/](https://polkadot.network/)) validator for Cactus. Can someone explain to me in greater detail what is the role of the validator, in particular the Ethereum validator? How does it validate the transactions coming from a Cactus node to a target blockchain?
   
   When I look into "io.on('connection', function(client) " it looks more like a connector than a validator.

## Quarterly reports

*None*

## Upcoming reports

*None*

## Backlog

*Are any of these topics ready / in-need of moving up?*

1. *Consortium Management Plugin Changes - Almost forgot! Moved this up to the discussion points, was supposed to happen last week but I wasn't ready with the PR at that time*
   
2. *Clive:Â  planning on connecting Cactus to PDO*
3. *Presentation directory (here on Confluence?)*

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
