1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-08-03 Cactus Maintainers Meeting Agenda](2020-08-03-Cactus-Maintainers-Meeting-Agenda_20414599.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-03 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Jonathan Hamilton on Aug 11, 2020

## Recording:

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414631/20414637.txt)

## Date

03 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- su-yu.kuo

## Goals

- Make a decision about the meeting agendas and go through PRs.

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotesIntroductionsEveryone

- Note: No one wanted to be introduced.

5 minMember Summit Presentation - Submission status, any further preparationsShingo

- Information: Member summit provides two slots, video or single presentation.

10 minAcademic Paper - potential scope, audienceRafael/Many

- Abstract: Rafael proposed about academic paper.  But Rafael was absent in this meeting.
- Conclusion:  Schedule meeting on European time with Rafael

10 minConsortium Management Plugin Changes (PR#242)Peter

- Abstract: Peter proposed about consortium management plugin.
- Note: This topic is related to the PR#242.  Then we discussed about this topic on PR discussion time

5 minQuestion from RaphelAPB (about Polkadot?)Many

- Discussion point:  
  
  - Describe the discussion points with Shingo and Takuma &gt; Rafael (via Hart)
  - Would you propose additional criteria on Polkadot working on Cactus? (e.g. validator?) &gt; Peter (from Shingo)
- Consensus is not achieved in this meeting yet.

30 minPR DiscussionPeter/Many

- PR242:
  
  - Discussion point:
    
    - We are better to trust public key (not IP address) from Shingo comments.  We should verify the incoming message from validator. It is architecture on Cactus
    - It is better to be communication method from Peter
    - In next week meeting, clarify the discussion points
  - Consensus is postponed to the next meeting.
- The discussion time was over then other PRs were postponed to the next week.

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414631/20414637.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
