1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-10-13 Cactus Contributors Meeting Agenda](2020-10-13-Cactus-Contributors-Meeting-Agenda_20414721.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-10-13 Meeting notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton on Oct 12, 2020

## Date

13 Oct 2020

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Harish](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:26914c3d-924c-4ec0-bfe9-853a7fc12d71?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- @Arnab Roy

## Discussion items

1. Release planning towards v1.0

- Shingo proposed a refinement of the release planning, including a purpose of each point release
- Details of the proposal are included in the Agenda page [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/cactus/2020-10-13+Cactus+Contributors+Meeting+Agenda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/cactus/2020-10-13+Cactus+Contributors+Meeting+Agenda)
- Point in time proposal below; maintainers aligned on high-level objectives and will begin maintaining on the Github milestones [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/milestones?direction=asc&amp;sort=title&amp;state=open](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/milestones?direction=asc&sort=title&state=open)
- ![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/error "Missing required attribute: {http://atlassian.com/resource/identifier}value")
- Shingo raised about how to best setup containers
- Peter highlighted about how to avoid conflicts on filesystem and ports.  The examples are in [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/tree/master/tools/docker](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/tree/master/tools/docker) and include information about expected behavior
- As we build out more examples this can eventually become a type of template for future contributors

2. Academic paper discussion

- Rafael has proposed some considerations but will be discussed with him live during the session on the Western Contributors call on Thursday
- Rather than proposing a security model, Hart would like the community to provide inputs on potential security solutions
- For those on Eastern time zones they could also connect with Raphael during the fortnightly Eastern Contributors call
- There could be a white paper after the fact that documents the developer level priorities from the academic paper

3. Discussion on how we can more aggressively work towards merging codebases and working on the same code.

- This was covered in the first topic.  Maintainers will be working on an aligned roadmap with detailed issues per point release

4. Ad-hoc items

- Clive raised that he linked a presentation to PR #253, which includes information about how to secure plugins, which beyond the consideration for PR 253 could have a direct application onto the security aspect of the academic paper

5\. Pull request loop

- 281 - skipped for today
- 298 - discussed Peter's feedback, open question on how tradeID works.  Takuma will provide sample code on how this will work
- 308 - very large draft PR submitted for review, initial question from Shingo on structure.  Moving discussion to mailing list / PR

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414731/20414733.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
