1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-08-25 Cactus Contributors Meeting Agenda](2020-08-25-Cactus-Contributors-Meeting-Agenda_20414656.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-08-25 Meeting notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 11, 2020

## Date

25 Aug 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414659/20414662.txt)

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [Su-Yu Kuo](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f7df797b-a6fb-4dde-bfb8-985a6fd9dbc5?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- [Doris Benda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/600ce64de3a14d0071b77bd2?ref=confluence)
- Arnab Roy

## Discussion items

1. Member summit
   
   1. Pre-recorded demo submission deadline for members summit --&gt; Discussed that there is not specific deadline other than making sure the demo is ready prior to presentation time
   2. Progress of the presentation and demonstration of code --&gt; Shingo &amp; Takuma have prepared a demo and corresponding presentation for the summit.  Caution about non-technical participants in the audience.  Will setup the broader context before getting into the details of the demo.  Request for Peter to add Corda support into the demo, will be pursued
2. Ad-hoc topics proposed during the call
3. while(openPRs) do processNextPr();
   
   1. [255](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/255) - Discussed feedback.  Use case to limit developer overhead on cryptographic functions.  Existing Node packages are compatible 11+ and aspire to support Node 10.  Concern raised about attack / bug surface for our custom key code

## Action items

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) check about potential to compile Ursa Rust based cryptographic functions into JS
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) coordinate about the potential to incorporate Corda into demo

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414659/20414662.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
