1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-10-27 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2020-10-27-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20414744.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-10-27 Meeting notes

Created by Jonathan Hamilton, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Oct 29, 2020

## Date

27 Oct 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414749/20414766.txt)

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- [Doris Benda](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/600ce64de3a14d0071b77bd2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- @Arnab Roy

## Discussion items

1. Update on [#308](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/308) 
   
   1. Reporting by Peter
      
      1. PR is now in ready for review state.  It is a massive PR which we did not try to review on the call, but
      2. Discussed intention on interoperability of the smart contract.  Smart contract interoperability is out of scope for now.
      3. Discussed packaging structure.  There may be chances to further improve this in the future.
      4. Some opportunities to improve realism of reference app.  We can continue enhancing this but it is still a reference app that is not expected to go to production.
   2. Response from other contributors
      
      1. Shingo: What is smart contract in your app?
      2. Takuma: Separation codes into examples and packages is important.
2. Update on the GitHub bots for automated PR/commit message linting
   
   1. Based on research expecting to go to a GH actions approach in the future
3. Clarification of CACTUS architecture based on existing codes
   
   1. Proposal by Shingo 
      
      1. Alignment on general approach.  To be updated into docs in future PR and discussed in future sessions.
      2. Diagram is in SVG which is good for including in the doc and request to include the source for generating SVG so it can be maintained in the future
      3. ![](attachments/20414749/20414751.png?height=250)
      4. (source file for diagram shown above)
         
         [![](attachments/thumbnails/20414749/20414759)](attachments/20414749/20414759.svg)
   2. Response from other contributors
      
      1. Everyone largely agreed on the proposal
4. $INSERT\_YOUR\_PROPOSED\_AGENDA\_ITEM\_HERE
5. Ad-hoc discussion items
   
   1. Via Capital Markets Sig: Blockchain as a financial infrastructure China focus [2020-10-21](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CMSIG/2020-10-21). Just a comment on international cryptographic requirements.
      
      1. Different cryptographic standards on each ledger could be unified through the transactional layer &amp; plugins per specific cryptographic standards
      2. There is a Fabric RFC under discussion for reference [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-rfcs/pull/34](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-rfcs/pull/34)
6. PR grind
   
   1. Ran out of time.  We will async PR backlog on GH!

## Action items

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [cactus\_arch2020-10-26.png](attachments/20414749/20414751.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [cacts\_arch.svg](attachments/20414749/20414759.svg) (image/svg+xml)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414749/20414766.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
