1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-07-13 Meeting Notes

Created by Hart Montgomery, last modified by Clive Boulton on Jul 14, 2020

Recording: 

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414580/20414582.txt)

Participants:

1\. Shingo Fujimoto

2\. Peter Somogyvari

3\. Takuma Takeuchi

4\. Ernest Kurniawan

5\. Hart Montgomery

6\. Clive Boulton

Discussion:

1. Introductions and welcome.
2. Copyright discussion–Hart to talk to LF staff and figure out how to make this easy.
3. PR Discussion–started, but we transitioned
4. Discussion on agenda items–we need to be more precise with our agenda.
5. Discussion on plugins–architecture presentation planned by Takuma 
   
   1. How to bootstrap the process

<!--THE END-->

[![](attachments/thumbnails/20414580/20414584)](attachments/20414580/20414584.pdf)

1. Back to the PR discussion:
   
   1. 172–already approved just before call
   2. 194–Takuma will fix (only minor issues)
   3. 203–Approved after some discussion.
   4. 217–merged
   5. 218–already approved, merged

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [RIF\_bootstrap\_plan\_2020-07-13-1.pdf](attachments/20414580/20414584.pdf) (application/pdf)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414580/20414582.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
