1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-06-01 Meeting Agenda](2020-06-01-Meeting-Agenda_20414522.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-06-02 Meeting notes

Created by Peter Somogyvari, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Dec 10, 2020

## Date

02 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence)
- @Ernest Kurniawan
- @Doris Benda

## Goals

- Get through all the proposed agenda items before the time is up (we did not succeed but it was close).

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotesProject Quarterly Report

[Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)

- Q2 project report has to be filed a few days prior 25th of June.

5min Git commit message compliance issues

[Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)

 Git commit message linting is troublesome for a lot of people so we need to address it head on.40minProject governance

[Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) 

[Clive Boulton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:cd28b3ec-0f42-4c0a-a8a5-83954ab74aad?ref=confluence) [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence) [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)

For larger changes: open an issue first

Maintainer's policy: We don't have strong feelings about it, everybody's happy  
to draw inspiration heavily from other project's such as Sawtooth. We aim to work  
with the native features of Github as much as possible.

Road-map to be as public as possible. We do not want to surprise people.

Peter to put together the initial draft of version v0.2 (the list of things we want in there)

10Outreach

[Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) 

[Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence) [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)

All maintainers should get involved in their local meetups (virtual or otherwise) and evangelize the project.5Calendar, GMT time zone friendly contributor's call

[Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence) 

[Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence) [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)

We decided that on-demand, topic driven meeting scheduling is the best approach so as to ensure  
that nobody wakes up or stays up late in vain for regularly scheduled calls that may or may not end  
up having attendance from the time zones that they are designated for.

## Recording [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414526/20414537.txt)

## Action items

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)to create a first draft of the quarterly report and everyone else to chime in as they see fit. 19 Jun 2020
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) to post a guide on how to do interactive rebase and history re-writing/arranging (RocketChat, email list, [contributing.md](http://contributing.md))
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence) to send out first draft of maintainer's policy, [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) agreed to contribute to that specific things about git/code style, commit messages, etc (e.g. all of his pet peeves)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) to put together the initial draft of version v0.2 (the list of things we want in there)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence) to close the loop with the Linux Foundation regarding the meetup representation
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence) to volunteer presenting at the San Francisco Hyperledger meetup
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence) is already scheduled to talk at the Tokyo Hyperledger meetup
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence) to initiate discussion about setting a new meeting on demand for Europe friendly time zones (discussion to be had on the mailing list)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414526/20414537.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
