1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2020 Agendas](2020-Agendas_20414504.html)
5. [2020-11-17 Cactus Maintainer's Meeting Agenda](2020-11-17-Cactus-Maintainer%27s-Meeting-Agenda_20414802.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2020-11-16 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Nov 17, 2020

## Date

16 Nov 2020

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414805/20414811.txt)

## Attendees

- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

1. About release v0.2
   
   1. PR308 depends on PR337.  Then PR337 should be reviewed
2. Ad-hoc topics
   
   1. Management of terminologies
      
      1. Abstraction is needed
      2. Key management systems has risks in terms of security management
      3. The discussion about the role of Cactus node on trust model is needed before summarizing documentation
   2. About January meeting
      
      1. The date is OK
3. PRs
   
   1. PR338 -&gt; approved
   2. PR368 and other PRs -&gt; Time up and discussion on GitHub comments.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20414805/20414811.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
