1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-05-31 Cactus Maintainer's Agenda](2021-05-31-Cactus-Maintainer%27s-Agenda_20415078.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-05-31 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨 on May 31, 2021

## Date

31 May 2021

## Recording

(will be uploaded by Enrique)

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Enrique Alcazar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:a7fff85a-3ab1-45ea-94ab-91e933f419aa?ref=confluence)
- jordigironamezcua
- a.castano.benito
- Izuru Sato
- Yasushi Takahashi

## Discussion items

- (1) Takuma Takeuchi discussion about refactoring cactus source tree structure for Cactus V1-RC
  
  - (e.g.) moving config files scattered about in the source tree into a central config directory (c.f. Issue #1003)
  - Enrique: This is great idea.
  - Shingo: How to manage key information and project configuration is important.
  - Shingo: Programming languages is also important. Not only typescript but also python etc. are needed.
  - Enrique: I agree with it.
  - Shingo: Testing mechanism in ledger-plugin is important
  - Enrique: Integration test is also important.
  - Shingo: We need to check the signature mechanism between verifier and validator. There are some cases that verifier and validator are built by different programming languages.
  - Enrique: We should make sure that any ledger can be adapted unless the programming languages and blockchain protocol.  Do you have any collaboration idea with us?
  - Shingo: We have another blockchain types implementation (Geth, Besu, ...).  This is the starting point we make sure that we make a collaboration on implementation.
    
    This is the first step.
  - Enrique: OK. We start collaboration implementation starting the Ethereum-typed ledger
- (2) Takuma Takeuchi identify the set of ledger technologies to be supported by cactus ledger plugins in Cactus V1-RC
  
  - Takuma: All Hyperledger BCs should be supported by V1-RC
  - Enrique: Quorum, Corda, Indy, Sawtooth
  - Shingo: Indy LP is now under implementation.
  - Shingo: Discussion about the coverage of "all hyperledger ledgers". Burrow seems to be used in special use cases. Should we support Burrow or not?
  - Hart: This is a project that is still under development. It will be better if it is not supported by Cactus for the time being.
  - Enrique: Iroha should be supported?
  - Shingo: I'm willing to support Iroha.
  - Shingo: Indy LP is needed considering the identity usecase.
  - Takuma: I will support Iroha. In fact, I'm starting to develop Iroha LedgerPlugin now.
  - Enrique: I'm willing to support Besu

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
