1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-04-13 Cactus Maintainers Agenda - Planning Session](2021-04-13-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda---Planning-Session_20414997.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-04-13 Meeting notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Apr 19, 2021

## Date

13 Apr 2021

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415018/20415023.txt)

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan Hamilton](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:b67865d6-864d-4728-91f1-8b4e178a6466?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Enrique Alcazar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:a7fff85a-3ab1-45ea-94ab-91e933f419aa?ref=confluence)
- a.castano.benito
- Izuru Sato
- jorgigironamezcua
- Tony Rowntree
- Trav
- Yasushi Takahashi

## Discussion items

- (1) Planning meeting
  
  - Discussion material for Cactus development items toward V1
  - Enrique: Agree it. This is merged to [roadmap.md](http://roadmap.md) on Cactus.
- (2) New members introduction
  
  - Yasushi: From Fujitsu. He is newcomer of Cactus team.
  - Trav (travis-payne): From HL Caliper, Performance group. about performance test, ci tools
- (3) Sprint session
  
  - #413: video guide for initial project setup
    
    - Video tutorial on Youtube channel will be uploaded
    - jordigironamezcua will prepare video channel
  - #545: containerize connector plugins
    
    - breaking down into each validators
  - #504: add vs-code dev container json file
    
    - subdirectory of the packages (Users don't need to use it)
  - #193: explain webpack universal builds
  - #221: automated web publishing: under going
  - #340: include package readmes on website: under going
  - #540: carbon app - done
  - #604: standarized common interface of trasaction across connectors
    
    - time is needed since some connectors does not have enough functions yet

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415018/20415023.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
