1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-10-04 Cactus Maintainers Agenda - Regular Agenda](2021-10-04-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda---Regular-Agenda_20415223.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-10-04 Meeting Notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Oct 15, 2021

## Date

04 Oct 2021

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415223/20415234.txt)

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)
- Michael Courtin
- a.castano.benito

## Discussion

- Version 1 Release Candidate
  
  - Takuma: I have published some PRs for V1RC release, please review it, peter.
  - Peter: Ok. I want to release a stable version for now.
  - Shingo: Agreed. There is still a need for enhancements to declare V1 releases.
  - Shingo: At the last meeting, we were supposed to tag the snapshots as V1RC. We'd like to do that first, have the referee examine it, and then release the V1 by the end of the year or next March.
  - Peter: I agree. To be V1-certified, we need to mature the features in V1RC.
  - Shingo: We need to manage branches properly to manage feature additions that affect existing code.
  - Courtin: Do you mean that we need to manage two branches, one is a branch for the V1 release that mainly does bug fix to make V1RC, and the other branch is for development to add functionality to V2 and V3?
  - Shingo: Yes.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
