1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-08-30 Maintainers Agenda - Planning Session](2021-08-30-Maintainers-Agenda---Planning-Session_20415187.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-08-30 Meeting Notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Sep 02, 2021

## Date

30 Aug 2021

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415187/20415189.txt)

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)

## Discussion

- Sprint sesion
  
  - feature(Node-server-socket): add a communication test from Node-server-socket to OpenAPI-typed validators #1283
    
    - [feature(Node-server-socket): add a communication test from Node-server-socket to OpenAPI-typed validators · Issue #1283 · hyperledger/cactus (github.com)](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1283)
    - assignees: Takuma Takeuchi
    - estimates: 13 days
- Adhoc topic
  
  - Hart: I suggest splitting the white paper in two parts.
    
    - [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/738#issuecomment-906851166]()
  - Takuma: The v1RC deadline is approaching. So how about not revising the all but editing the parts that specifically describe BLP?
  - Shingo: We should make one shorter documentation to understand and use cactus easier for programmers and users. And another document should be made for BLP developer. Ultimately, I want to replace it with shoter documentation. But it is hard, so first, I want to cut off the parts except the necessary parts.
  - Hart: We should remove Sec.5 from user intro part and write it in the developer part (Architectural details and specs). We should move Sec.4 to the developer part, except for the first part of Sec.4. We'd better change the title of Sec.6 to "Extension Plugins". Sections of terminology and references should be split between the intro and the developer part.
  - Peter: Is it OK to roughly do like this?
    
    - [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/738#issuecomment-908782182]()
  - Takuma: OK. I will contact you again about the detailed editing plan of whitepaper.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
