1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-06-15 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2021-06-15-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20415092.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-06-15 Meeting notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Jun 15, 2021

## Date

15 Jun 2021

- about 15 min

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415092/20415096.txt)

## Attendees

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Enrique Alcazar](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:a7fff85a-3ab1-45ea-94ab-91e933f419aa?ref=confluence)
- Izuru Sato
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)
- a.castano.benito
- Trav
- Elena Izaguirre

## Discussion items

- Refactoring the directory structure of setting files on Validator
  
  - Takuma: I submitted a issue about refactoring the directory structure of setting files on validator.
  - Peter: No preblem.
  - Takuma: I will submit pull requests about this at the end of June.
  - Peter: Thank you.
- Inviting Consenssys
  
  - Hart: Fujitsu wants to invite Consenssys members to discuss implementing the Besu plugin for [socket.io](http://socket.io).
  - Enrique: Accenture is also happy to be able to ask questions. Sounds good.
- Test of Connector
  
  - Enrique: As takuma asked me last week, I am testing the connector. So far, so good.
  - Takuma: Thank you.
- HGF2021
  
  - Enrique: Everyone, thank you for your hard work at HGF.
  - Hart: How was the reaction to your presentation?
  - Enrique: There were a lot questions on Project demo.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
