1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-11-29 Cactus Maintainers Agenda - Planning Session](2021-11-29-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda---Planning-Session_20415287.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-11-29 Meeting notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi, last modified on Nov 30, 2021

## Date

29 Nov 2021

## Recording

[https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20415287/2021-11-30-Cactus-Maintainers-Call-Recording.mp4?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1638260906399&amp;api=v2](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20415287/2021-11-30-Cactus-Maintainers-Call-Recording.mp4?version=1&modificationDate=1638260906399&api=v2)

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- Elena Izaguirre Equiza
- [Michael Courtin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5aa8f7a28fb3642a6fd1fbc9?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)

## Discussion

1. ad-hoc discussion topics
   
   - Takuma: Discussion about the development item of issue #1606, #1611
     
     1. [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/160](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1606)6: \[EPIC] add [socket.io](http://socket.io/) channel between cmd-api-server and each ledger-connector #1606
     2. [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1611](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1611): \[EPIC] refactor(ledger-connector): add startMonitor features #1611
   - These issues are not tagged but actually related to #1602 and #1605.
   - Today is only introduction and discussion. These will be estimated in next sprint meeting.
2. sprint meeting
   
   - #1162: [feat(connector-xdai): remove hard dependency on keychain · Issue #1162 · hyperledger/cactus (github.com)](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1162)
     
     - assignee: Elena
     - estimate: 5 days
   - #1579: [docs(examples): add authN/authZ for supply chain app example · Issue #1579 · hyperledger/cactus (github.com)](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/issues/1579)
     
     - assignee: Elena
     - estimate: 8 days

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
