1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2021 Agendas](2021-Agendas_20414860.html)
5. [2021-10-18 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2021-10-18-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20415245.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2021-10-19 Meeting Notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Oct 19, 2021

## Date

19 Oct 2021

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415245/20415249.txt)

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cae262a4-be99-4f5e-a36e-bf20a5c795f2?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)
- Michael Courtin

## Discussion

- Development policy toward v1
  
  - Takuma:
    
    - Toward V1, we improve the code quality of existing features.
    - Until v1, we should do the following branch management;
    - (1) "main": the branch to improve the existing codes
    - (2)"after-v1": Code that implements the new features
  - Peter:
    
    - All the code should be in the main branch.
    - New features that are not in production can be tagged "not ready" to distinguish between code in V1 and code that is not.
    - We will not be able to manage multiple branches.
  - We'll discuss branch management again at next week's meeting.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
