1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_20415317.html)
5. [2022-03-07 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2022-03-07-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20415382.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2022-03-07 Meeting Notes

Created by izuru, last modified by Peter Somogyvari on Apr 26, 2022

## Date

07 Mar 2022

## Recordings

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415384/20415428.txt)

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:54be3a11-ffe8-43a5-b37d-c854a0aa21c3?ref=confluence)
- [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)

## Agenda

- security related pull requests
  
  - maintainers are to review them quickly
- introduction to community architecture
  
  - presentation includes list of things we can ask the team for help
  - if you want help from community architects send email to mailing list or discord so that everybody knows
  - Hyperledger intern: what should I do if we want to start it: Peter has previous experience, sends email. also, previous projects are on the web page, that also should be helpful
  - any guidance on tagging email subjects?: we don't have any formal requirements, but more info on subject helps
  - to get help from technical writers for docs intended for non-technical users: contact Emily or marketing or pr mailing list
- blog post draft
  
  - location: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/19p2Dco3XLFWJSnC3UAA1lBsW9Mts3xHIqPPfLy3WeNI/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19p2Dco3XLFWJSnC3UAA1lBsW9Mts3xHIqPPfLy3WeNI/edit)
  - input from maintainers wanted
  - after updates, Takuma will ask Emily for review
- about PR on verifier factory
  
  - izuru to check the status of the PR

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415384/20415428.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
