1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_20415317.html)
5. [2022-04-18 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2022-04-18-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20415410.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2022-04-18 Meeting Notes

Created by 竹内琢磨, last modified by Rigoberto Gomez Jaimes on Apr 19, 2022

## Date

18 Apr 2022

## Recording

[dummyfile.txt](attachments/20415410/20415414.txt)

## Attendee

- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:54be3a11-ffe8-43a5-b37d-c854a0aa21c3?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)

## Agenda

- 1\. Quarterly report (if anyone has any feedback/change request on it, otherwise this is a no-op)
  
  - no-op
- 2\. Peter's apology for going slower than expected with the issuance of the release we talked about a couple of weeks ago
  
  a chain of dependencies were uncovered and a bug with the automated release management pipeline is in the mix as well and I want to fix that problem before issuing the new release
  
  - Takuma commented it is no problem.  Thanks for your hard work, Peter!
- 3\. Takuma Takeuchi About PR1942 [https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/1942](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus/pull/1942)
  
  We have not heard from the contributor, but it is an important change, so I want to fix the syntax error.
  
  - Peter will ask the contributor to fix the syntax error because Peter know the contributor well.
- 4\. Global Forum
  
  - Global Forum deadline is the next week.
  - Open Collaboration talk and Techical talk
    
    - Open Collaboration talk: by Peter, {Takuma, Shingo}, (IBM, DataChain)
  - Peter will share the current draft with us via discord
- 5\. Cactus explorer (temporary name)
  
  - Rafael will develop the GUI system of Cactus.
  - Peter will post an issue to decide the name of the tool.
    
    - c.f.: [https://owlcation.com/stem/sahara-desert-animals](https://owlcation.com/stem/sahara-desert-animals)
  - Temporary name: Scorpion

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
