1. [Hyperledger Cacti](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cacti Home](Hyperledger-Cacti-Home_20414469.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas](Meeting-Agendas_20414488.html)
4. [2022 Agendas](2022-Agendas_20415317.html)
5. [2022-02-01 Cactus Maintainers Agenda](2022-02-01-Cactus-Maintainers-Agenda_20415349.html)

# Hyperledger Cacti : 2022-02-01 Meeting Notes

Created by Yasushi Takahashi on Feb 01, 2022

## Date

01 Feb 2022

## Attendee

- [Peter Somogyvari](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:54be3a11-ffe8-43a5-b37d-c854a0aa21c3?ref=confluence)
- [Michael Courtin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5aa8f7a28fb3642a6fd1fbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Hart Montgomery](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:86f447c0-86dc-43b3-ac03-6a31923bbb84?ref=confluence)
- [Shingo Fujimoto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14e583f1-56ad-4e76-a373-78870fbd000f?ref=confluence)
- [竹内琢磨](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:99daf5c8-226c-43d4-9f24-0a46a0546192?ref=confluence)
- [izuru](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/625569d1eee0a9006ab7e9d8?ref=confluence)
- [Yasushi Takahashi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:f5c6f8a6-cbbb-4289-b94b-75a61d6ae0b4?ref=confluence)
- Elena Izaguirre Equiza
- a.castano.benito

## Recording

[https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20415349/2022-02-01-cactus-maintainers-call-recording.mp4?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1643703328000&amp;api=v2](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/20415349/2022-02-01-cactus-maintainers-call-recording.mp4?version=1&modificationDate=1643703328000&api=v2)

## Discussion

- Problems with log4js
  
  - Takuma: We are currently investigating to solve the problem, so please wait for a few days.
  - Izuru&amp;Shingo:  We have to double-check because many other parts depend on the applications that need to be addressed.
- Promotion for V1 Release
  
  - Michael: Will we do marketing and promotion for the V1 release?
  - Peter&amp;Hart: We should do something. There are various ways such as asking TSC or publishing press-release. As there is no clear plan at the moment.
  - Michael: Let's discuss it at the next meeting.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:37

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
