1. [Hyperledger Firefly](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger FireFly Home](Hyperledger-FireFly-Home_20152345.html)

# Hyperledger Firefly : Maintainers

Created by Nicko Guyer, last modified by Enrique Lacal on May 21, 2024

The following is a list of all the maintainers of the Hyperledger FireFly project. 

NameEmail AddressGitHub IDDiscord UsernameAlexey Semenyukaliaksei.semianiuk@instinctools.com@alex-semenyuk@alexey\_semenyukDzianis Andreyenkadzianis.andreyenka@instinctools.com@denisandreenko@darusologPeter Broadhurstpeter.broadhurst@kaleido.io@peterbroadhurst@peterbroadhurst#9261Vinode Damlevinod.damle@fmr.com@vdamle@peanuts2667David Echelbergerdavid.echelberger@kaleido.io@eberger727@dech.devHayden Fusshayden.fuss@kaleido.io@hfuss@hfus#0446Gabriel Indikgabriel.indik@kaleido.io@gabriel-indik@Gabriel Indik#9348Andrew Richardsonandrew.richardson@kaleido.io

@awrichar

@andrew.richardsonAlex Shorsheralex.shorsher@kaleido.io

@shorsher

@shorsherMatthew Whiteheadmatthew.whitehead@kaleido.io@matthew1001@matthew.whiteheadChengxuan Xingchengxuan.xing@kaleido.io@Chengxuan@xingchxuan Jim Zhangjim.zhang@kaleido.io@jimthematrix

@jimthematrix

Enrique Lacalenrique.lacal@kaleido.io@enriquel8

@enriquel8

Sam Maysam.may@kaleido.io@sammaywork

@samuel\_may

Each maintainer may be a maintainer (code owner) of one or more GitHub repos within the project. Each repository contains a list of the maintainers for that specific repo and a `CODEOWNERS`  file which points to the corresponding GitHub team. For a list of maintainers by repo, please see this page in GitHub: [https://github.com/orgs/hyperledger/teams/firefly-maintainers/teams](https://github.com/orgs/hyperledger/teams/firefly-maintainers/teams)

# Expectations of Maintainers

Maintainers are expected to regularly:

- Make contributions to FireFly code repositories including code or documentation
- Review pull requests
- Investigate open GitHub issues
- Participate in Community Calls

# Becoming a Maintainer

The FireFly Project welcomes and encourages people to become maintainers of the project if they are interested and meet the following criteria:

## Criteria for becoming a member

- Expressed interest and commitment to meet the expectations of a maintainer
- A consistent track record of contributions to FireFly code repositories which could be:
  
  - Enhancements
  - Bug fixes
  - Tests
  - Documentation
- A consistent track record of helpful code reviews on FireFly code repositories
- Regular participation in Community Calls
- A demonstrated interest and aptitude in thought leadership within the FireFly Project
- Sponsorship from an existing maintainer

There is no specific quantity of contributions or pull requests, or a specific time period over which the candidate must prove their track record. This will be left up to the discretion of the existing maintainers.

## Process for becoming a maintainer

Once the above criteria have been met, the sponsoring maintainer shall propose the addition of the new maintainer at a public Community Call. Existing maintainers shall vote at the next public Community Call whether the new maintainer should be added or not. Proxy votes may be submitted via email *before* the meeting. A simple majority of the existing maintainers is required for the vote to pass.

A vote to add a maintainer, is a vote to acknowledge that someone meets the criteria for becoming a maintainer, and to designate that person as someone who represents the open source Hyperledger FireFly project and community. The specific decision of which GitHub repositories a maintainer is given responsibility for does not require a vote and is left up to the discretion of the existing maintainers.

## Maintainer resignation

While maintainers are expected in good faith to be committed to the project for a significant period of time, they are under no binding obligation to do so. Maintainers may resign at any time for any reason.

## Maintainer inactivity

If a maintainer has remained inactive (not meeting the expectations of a maintainer) for a period of time (at least several months), an email should be sent to that maintainer noting their inactivity and asking if they still wish to be a maintainer. If they continue to be inactive after being notified via email, an existing maintainer may propose to remove the inactive maintainer at a public Community Call. Existing maintainers shall vote at the next public Community Call whether the inactive maintainer should be removed or not. Proxy votes may be submitted via email *before* the meeting. A simple majority of the existing maintainers is required for the vote to pass.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
