1. [Marketing](index.html)
2. [Marketing Home](Marketing-Home_19169291.html)
3. [DevRel-Marketing Committee](DevRel-Marketing-Committee_19175125.html)
4. [DevRel-MC Meeting notes](DevRel-MC-Meeting-notes_19175124.html)
5. [2020](2020_19175123.html)

# Marketing : 2020-11-11 Meeting notes

Created by Jessica Rampen, last modified by Bobbi Muscara on Jan 21, 2021

## Date

11 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)
- [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)
- [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence)
- [Daniela Barbosa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c0f0d72470dea35d6935354?ref=confluence)

## ![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/31199914/Antitrustnotice%20%281%29%20%281%29.png?version=1&modificationDate=1589208118000&api=v2)

## Dial in Information

- The second Wednesday of every month at 9am PT Join Zoom Meeting [https://zoom.us/j/982600073](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fj%2F982600073&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw0I_F_63sHBa5NLZJ8cFSNj)
- One tap mobile +16465588656,,982600073# US (New York) +16699006833,,982600073# US (San Jose) Dial by your location +1 646 558 8656 US (New York) +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose) 877 369 0926 US Toll-free 855 880 1246 US Toll-free +1 647 558 0588 Canada 855 703 8985 Canada Toll-free Meeting ID: 982 600 073 Find your local number: [https://zoom.us/u/abaoIu7JMk](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fu%2FabaoIu7JMk&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw3wJZJ7vsvWfe5jPUafcNTh)
- Hosted by: [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) (Sr. Manager of Marketing Communications) [Alissa Worley](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:973f6b22-4681-4577-9cca-c67be292301e?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC chair) [Duncan Johnston-Watt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d406861b7f3ac0da80c8884?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC vice chair)

## Goals

- **Grow and nurture developer ecosystem:** The purpose of this call is to discuss marketing related initiatives around the Hyperledger projects and community. This is a great opportunity for project maintainers and contributors to learn how they can get involved in many aspects of marketing including overall messaging, events, content, social media, and PR, to further help the public hear about and understand Hyperledger and its community.
  
- Improve the communication between marketing and technical leaders in the community Gain guidance and involvement from Hyperledger project technical experts in marketing initiatives Understand how we can better work together to amplify Hyperledger’s public presence and marketing messages
- Who should join: Maintainers, active contributors to Hyperledger projects

## Discussion items

**BAF Contribute-a-thon - update**

- Blog in the works for 11/18
- [Webinar scheduled for 12/16](https://www.hyperledger.org/event/hyperledger-member-webinar-accenture-blockchain-automation-framework-to-automatically-deploy-production-worthy-dlt-networks)
- Email blast (11/18)
- dev/weekly inclusion (11/20)
- Social posts (11/18)

**ConsenSys Product Roadshow**

[Session 1 - Developers](https://pages.consensys.net/consensys-product-roadshow?utm_campaign=ConsenSys%20Product%20Roadshow%202020&utm_medium=email&_hsmi=99486333&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_KcIoj46wdLfTS4xD53x3WiIPSTHXzpmzAAAtiSmrDMTQamxdfx-u-5SnYGW6lnwXgnh2Vxw1pSO4UobR3DXm1GtbQ5il96IKvBLjOMJyxxRdGnKQ&utm_content=99486333&utm_source=hs_email) 

Join our developer community and learn about the most recent technical developments across the crypto and blockchain ecosystem. 

How can we help promote? 

**dev/weekly newsletter**

You may add suggestions for 11/13 [here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=17170614).

- The types of things we highlight:
  
  - New project features, releases OR Labs developments
  - New/latest project maintainers and contributors
  - Beginner issues
  - PRs (interesting or long awaited feature PRs that are under review)
  - Community events (dev/technical only)
  - Security issues, wins
  - Interesting technical articles, how-tos, tutorials related to Hyperledger projects or Labs

## Action items

- [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)&amp; [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)to provide update on results from BAF contribute-athon in December meeting
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) to send [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) details about women who code/women in tech event
- If anyone would like to participate in a project webinar around a milestone, feature or new release please let Jessica &amp; Marta know.
- [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence) to send details on HBCU blockchain event

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:53

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
