1. [Marketing](index.html)
2. [Marketing Home](Marketing-Home_19169291.html)
3. [DevRel-Marketing Committee](DevRel-Marketing-Committee_19175125.html)
4. [DevRel-MC Meeting notes](DevRel-MC-Meeting-notes_19175124.html)
5. [2020](2020_19175123.html)

# Marketing : 2020-04-08 Meeting notes

Created by Jessica Rampen, last modified on Apr 08, 2020

## Date

08 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)
- [Daniela Barbosa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c0f0d72470dea35d6935354?ref=confluence)
- [Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence)
- [Duncan Johnston-Watt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d406861b7f3ac0da80c8884?ref=confluence)
- [Alissa Worley](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:973f6b22-4681-4577-9cca-c67be292301e?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)
- [Felipe Faraggi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:aac7a469-2fb8-46e6-9160-aec129b8c9b7?ref=confluence)
- [Gina Rubino (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5cddcc7e3f4d610fdf024af1?ref=confluence)
- [Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/31195932/Antitrustnotice%20%281%29.png?version=1&modificationDate=1584146204000&api=v2)

## Dial in Information

- The second Wednesday of every month at 9am PT Join Zoom Meeting [https://zoom.us/j/982600073](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fj%2F982600073&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw0I_F_63sHBa5NLZJ8cFSNj)
- One tap mobile +16465588656,,982600073# US (New York) +16699006833,,982600073# US (San Jose) Dial by your location +1 646 558 8656 US (New York) +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose) 877 369 0926 US Toll-free 855 880 1246 US Toll-free +1 647 558 0588 Canada 855 703 8985 Canada Toll-free Meeting ID: 982 600 073 Find your local number: [https://zoom.us/u/abaoIu7JMk](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fu%2FabaoIu7JMk&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw3wJZJ7vsvWfe5jPUafcNTh)
- Hosted by: [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) (Sr. Manager of Marketing Communications) [Alissa Worley](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:973f6b22-4681-4577-9cca-c67be292301e?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC chair) [Duncan Johnston-Watt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d406861b7f3ac0da80c8884?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC vice chair)

## Goals

- **Grow and nurture developer ecosystem:** The purpose of this call is to discuss marketing related initiatives around the Hyperledger projects and community. This is a great opportunity for project maintainers and contributors to learn how they can get involved in many aspects of marketing including overall messaging, events, content, social media, and PR, to further help the public hear about and understand Hyperledger and its community.
  
- Improve the communication between marketing and technical leaders in the community Gain guidance and involvement from Hyperledger project technical experts in marketing initiatives Understand how we can better work together to amplify Hyperledger’s public presence and marketing messages
- Who should join: Maintainers, active contributors to Hyperledger projects

## Discussion items

ItemWhoNotes

Projects -

Hyperledger Iroha 1.2 [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

Various 

Any other project releases or updates marketing should be aware of? 

HL Iroha 1.2 not quite ready, blog is tied heavily to documentation. Sara will send as quickly as she can.

Besu Privacy webinar coming up: [https://pegasys.tech/privacywebinar/](https://pegasys.tech/privacywebinar/)

Social -

#HyperledgerIdentity in April

[Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)

Please send content for us to promote on socialContribute-a-thon Idea[Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)

2 week sprint to get as many folks as possible contributing to different HL projects and labs.

Offer prizes, badges, HL swag 

Content

"How to get involved" blog/video series [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)  

"Besu on Azure" blog [Gina Rubino (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5cddcc7e3f4d610fdf024af1?ref=confluence)

Various 

SIG, WG, and project videos recorded at HGF to be used in blog series 

PR/community architect team reviewing 

Events 

[Virtual LF Decentralized Trust Meetups](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/events/pages/21790799/Virtual+LF+Decentralized+Trust+Meetups)

[Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)

Connect with [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)if interested in hosting, promoting or speaking at any!

## Action items

[Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) to set up brainstorm call with [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence) [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence) [Felipe Faraggi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:aac7a469-2fb8-46e6-9160-aec129b8c9b7?ref=confluence) on structure of Contribute-a-thon

[Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence) to send over identity presentation for #HyperledgerIdentity to [marketing@hyperledger.org](mailto:marketing@hyperledger.org)

[Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence) to email [pr@hyperledger.org](mailto:pr@hyperledger.org) with blog ideas around E-thaler HL lab

[Grace Hartley (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c3e0cd1ff324728a1db2448?ref=confluence) [Gina Rubino (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5cddcc7e3f4d610fdf024af1?ref=confluence) to send over Hyperledger Besu security audit blog. Also privacy webinar info/link so marketing can promote

[Mary Hall](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:e3eb4b75-6e29-43e5-918a-61fe2527a63e?ref=confluence) to send over blog for #HyperledgerIdentity

[Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence) to connect [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence) and [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) to team at Accenture working on Contribute-a-thon Idea so we don't double up on work when it makes sense

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:53

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
