1. [Marketing](index.html)
2. [Marketing Home](Marketing-Home_19169291.html)
3. [DevRel-Marketing Committee](DevRel-Marketing-Committee_19175125.html)
4. [DevRel-MC Meeting notes](DevRel-MC-Meeting-notes_19175124.html)
5. [2020](2020_19175123.html)

# Marketing : 2020-06-10 Meeting notes

Created by Jessica Rampen, last modified by Bobbi Muscara on Jan 21, 2021

## Date

10 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)
- [Alissa Worley](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:973f6b22-4681-4577-9cca-c67be292301e?ref=confluence)
- [Duncan Johnston-Watt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d406861b7f3ac0da80c8884?ref=confluence)
- [Brian Behlendorf (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/616ecf50702bd0006a5a7c6b?ref=confluence)
- [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)
- [Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/31199914/Antitrustnotice%20%281%29%20%281%29.png?version=1&modificationDate=1589208118000&api=v2)

## Dial in Information

- The second Wednesday of every month at 9am PT Join Zoom Meeting [https://zoom.us/j/982600073](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fj%2F982600073&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw0I_F_63sHBa5NLZJ8cFSNj)
- One tap mobile +16465588656,,982600073# US (New York) +16699006833,,982600073# US (San Jose) Dial by your location +1 646 558 8656 US (New York) +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose) 877 369 0926 US Toll-free 855 880 1246 US Toll-free +1 647 558 0588 Canada 855 703 8985 Canada Toll-free Meeting ID: 982 600 073 Find your local number: [https://zoom.us/u/abaoIu7JMk](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Fu%2FabaoIu7JMk&sa=D&ust=1579444171480000&usg=AOvVaw3wJZJ7vsvWfe5jPUafcNTh)
- Hosted by: [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) (Sr. Manager of Marketing Communications) [Alissa Worley](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:973f6b22-4681-4577-9cca-c67be292301e?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC chair) [Duncan Johnston-Watt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d406861b7f3ac0da80c8884?ref=confluence) (Hyperledger MC vice chair)

## Goals

- **Grow and nurture developer ecosystem:** The purpose of this call is to discuss marketing related initiatives around the Hyperledger projects and community. This is a great opportunity for project maintainers and contributors to learn how they can get involved in many aspects of marketing including overall messaging, events, content, social media, and PR, to further help the public hear about and understand Hyperledger and its community.
  
- Improve the communication between marketing and technical leaders in the community Gain guidance and involvement from Hyperledger project technical experts in marketing initiatives Understand how we can better work together to amplify Hyperledger’s public presence and marketing messages
- Who should join: Maintainers, active contributors to Hyperledger projects

## Discussion items

ItemWhoNotes

Social 

#HyperledgerDCI

[Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)

- Please be sure to share content with us through the month that aligns with DCI. Can be related to HL, blockchain or open source tech

Contribute-a-thon 

 [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)

[Tracy Kuhrt](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:eb6ae9c3-aa8e-40ba-9dab-a6969b1ac52e?ref=confluence)

Updates on progress made on contribute-a-thon for BAF and Fabric documentation translation

BAF: [Working on identifying the contribution opportunities](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/events/Contribute-a-Thon+BAF+specifics) and will then define pathways for each.  Initial discussions have focused on how to recognize contributors and there is interest in issuing digital badges and we are looking into how to do that – if this is effective it could be a useful way to recognize contributions in other parts of the community.

Fabric docs: Helped team identify contribution pathways for translators and they've updated their [Ways to Contribute guide](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/CONTRIBUTING.html#ways-to-contribute) with the information.  We've done a slow roll out of this information to community members to try out the pathway and the process for onboarding new languages and currently have 3 new language projects going: Malayalam, Portuguese and Japanese – these languages would make the docs available to over 350 million more people. Will try to onboard a couple more languages before doing a bigger promotion around this.

Content

The New Stack

[Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence)

- Looking for more technical contributed articles. Would love to work with the Hyperledger Fabric maintainers on a piece about managing private data within Fabric, given the upcoming release 2.2 and Fabric Private Chaincode (FPC).
- The New Stack covers cloud architectures, components of the software development lifecycle, and operations tools and culture. They have generally not covered blockchain, so we'd have to dive into the infrastructure and operations side of things more.
- Any other super technical topics w other projects would also be welcome.

## Action items

- [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) to connect with Rob M from IBM about an article around privacy in Fabric for TNS
- [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence) &amp; [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) to connect for marketing outline for contribute-a-thon around Fabric doc translation
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) to point [Jessica Rampen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c2e4c479bcfd72df10109cc?ref=confluence) to Learning Materials WG newsletter archives
- Please get in touch with [Marta Piekarska-Geater](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e73630546571b0c3da79b94?ref=confluence)if you'd like to work on a webinar for your WG, SIG, project or lab

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:53

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
