WEBVTT

00:00:00.000 --> 00:00:05.000
Restrict recording.

00:00:05.000 --> 00:00:08.000
Alright. Welcome everybody to the October twentieth.

00:00:08.000 --> 00:00:18.000
Technical oversight committee call, as you are probably all aware of Linux Foundation calls are held under an antitrust policy.

00:00:18.000 --> 00:00:23.000
So here's the notice of that. If you have any sort of questions.

00:00:23.000 --> 00:00:43.000
Contact. I see Andrew up to Grove of the firm Guess more up to Grove, or your legal console The other thing that we must abide by on these calls is the code of conduct which is linked in our Agenda so we have 2 announcements today the first one is one that

00:00:43.000 --> 00:00:47.000
you've heard many, many times before did that weekly do developer.

00:00:47.000 --> 00:00:52.000
Newsletter goes on each Friday to hundreds of hyper ledger developers.

00:00:52.000 --> 00:01:01.000
If you have anything that you would like to include in that, please leave a comment on the wiki paid set is linked in reach agenda.

00:01:01.000 --> 00:01:06.000
The second announcement that we have is that the Toc nomination period is open.

00:01:06.000 --> 00:01:10.000
The nomination does close. October 30, first end of day.

00:01:10.000 --> 00:01:17.000
if you would like to be considered to be a little bit, or appointed to the Poc.

00:01:17.000 --> 00:01:24.000
Please follow the process. So the the nomination process, and it's linked in the agenda.

00:01:24.000 --> 00:01:37.000
Any other announcements that anybody have

00:01:37.000 --> 00:01:46.000
No, okay. So we did get the fabric report in a few days back, and we also got the packed.

00:01:46.000 --> 00:01:56.000
Their report in last night, so I didn't see any specific comments coming in on the fabric.

00:01:56.000 --> 00:02:00.000
One. Let me just remove that page here for myself.

00:02:00.000 --> 00:02:11.000
Just make sure. No, no comments yet, but there are quite a few outstanding reviews that need to to happen as far as the cacti one.

00:02:11.000 --> 00:02:15.000
I don't think anything has occurred there either.

00:02:15.000 --> 00:02:21.000
no comments, yet. So we will leave these both on the agenda for next week.

00:02:21.000 --> 00:02:37.000
But does anybody have any questions on those 2 reports before we move forward?

00:02:37.000 --> 00:02:49.000
Okay. And then just a a reminder. If anybody knows anybody who might be willing to put together the Ursa report, we are still waiting on that report to come in.

00:02:49.000 --> 00:02:52.000
We don't have any reports that are due next week.

00:02:52.000 --> 00:03:01.000
the next one that's upcoming is the statute report that's due on the 27, so I guess it is due next week.

00:03:01.000 --> 00:03:09.000
But yet we won't probably have it until the 27, so we don't have any additional ones on the the agenda for next week.

00:03:09.000 --> 00:03:15.000
To review Alright. So with that we do have one discussion item today.

00:03:15.000 --> 00:03:42.000
It is the nonpreads project proposal. I have seen some comments coming through on the actual for request, and Steven has made update since those have come in.

00:03:42.000 --> 00:03:43.000
Okay, hang on a second. I was gonna So we've we've spent the last couple of weeks putting together the proposal.

00:03:43.000 --> 00:03:54.000
But at this point I'm going to hand the floor to Steven to see if he wants to take us through that, or if he would like us, just to start to comment on that

00:03:54.000 --> 00:04:01.000
can I share screen? Oh, oh, I see! I try. It's funny.

00:04:01.000 --> 00:04:08.000
I'm sure to start my video as well we don't do that here.

00:04:08.000 --> 00:04:18.000
Okay, hang on. Let me move. One more thing

00:04:18.000 --> 00:04:26.000
So let's see, there's the this is largely so.

00:04:26.000 --> 00:04:37.000
We've been working on this as as a community for the last several weeks, so I presented about a month ago to the Tc.

00:04:37.000 --> 00:04:59.000
To the Tsc. Then to Tc. Now and since then have been soliciting, soliciting, input, putting together a a skeleton proposal and then getting input from the community, So what you're seeing here is that input, converted over we have it's

00:04:59.000 --> 00:05:22.000
it's essentially the Wh. What I presented in a presentation a month ago, so I don't think you want me to repeat this presentation here with all of what is largely the same, I made a couple of tweaks to the slides just to provide updated data.

00:05:22.000 --> 00:05:28.000
I do have a couple of updates. Since then we had at the time.

00:05:28.000 --> 00:05:48.000
I I talked to this group. I was. We were just heading into the rebooting web of Trust Conference for those not familiar with that rebooting web of trust brings together a number of identity people in the identity community and and SSI community It's

00:05:48.000 --> 00:05:53.000
Christopher Allen organizes, it So SSI is definitely the focus at that.

00:05:53.000 --> 00:06:04.000
Almost everybody that participates submits a proposed paper to work on at the conference and at the start of the conference.

00:06:04.000 --> 00:06:23.000
the the the ones to be actually worked on are narrowed down to a a smaller list of things that people want to work on and don credits, despite the fact that in addition to the shirt I'm wearing that I I got from the hyper ledger, global forum I

00:06:23.000 --> 00:06:28.000
managed to get Covid, and so was not able to attend the our.

00:06:28.000 --> 00:06:33.000
What conference the paper that I submitted did get worked on.

00:06:33.000 --> 00:06:40.000
So that was very positive. And And so I worked sort of on the side, on that, on on another paper.

00:06:40.000 --> 00:06:45.000
But in the meantime another group continue to work on the in on credits paper.

00:06:45.000 --> 00:06:50.000
as I submitted it, and and continue to work on the specification and working on it.

00:06:50.000 --> 00:07:00.000
So that was really good A lot of progress was made actually there on the impact of ledger agnostic and on credits in this and And what is the genesis?

00:07:00.000 --> 00:07:14.000
Of This whole idea of moving and on grids out of Indie, because an on-preds can be used pretty easily, in fact, with different still storage locations.

00:07:14.000 --> 00:07:21.000
Publication locations so continue work on the leisure, agnostic and on credits.

00:07:21.000 --> 00:07:44.000
We we had a number of new contributors to the non-cred specification itself, so that was really good, outcome, from that we had a pile of new pull request put in, and and new contributors that are continuing to work, on it and as well, we came up, with an

00:07:44.000 --> 00:07:49.000
approach for putting an on credits into the W. 3 C verifiable credential standard data model.

00:07:49.000 --> 00:07:58.000
And this was somewhat of a surprise, was not expecting that, quite frankly, when I, when I talk to this group a month ago, that was not really on my agenda.

00:07:58.000 --> 00:08:03.000
We we had some talks at the conference and discovered that wait.

00:08:03.000 --> 00:08:19.000
This isn't very difficult to do, and since then have implemented a first draft of that where basically taking an on credits as it stands today and just putting it into the W.

00:08:19.000 --> 00:08:27.000
3 c verifiable data, credential data model, such that it can be moved back and forth in either direction.

00:08:27.000 --> 00:08:39.000
And and and yet still processed exactly the way it on. Francis intended to work. So that that's some exciting and interesting things that have happened even in the last month.

00:08:39.000 --> 00:08:44.000
as I mentioned creation, ever evolution of the hip.

00:08:44.000 --> 00:08:54.000
and then just gathering stateated support for the proposal to move it on credits out of its own project.

00:08:54.000 --> 00:09:07.000
So those are the things that have happened since then, As I say, I've got this presentation that I I gave a month ago, and I suspect, you don't want me to Go through that again I think everyone on the call was was at that previous meeting.

00:09:07.000 --> 00:09:28.000
So that's the material that I had thought of preparing, and I I did get a number of comments from from specifically add a level of detail, too, was the the question of link secrets.

00:09:28.000 --> 00:09:31.000
And I Do have a slide here on Linkedin secrets.

00:09:31.000 --> 00:09:36.000
If if we want to talk about that and deep dive into that, I just thought for the proposal.

00:09:36.000 --> 00:10:00.000
It's going quite deep into it, and and I I I'm happy to add it. But I I didn't think it was necessary appropriate for the proposal, so that's where I got to and and We've got to.

00:10:00.000 --> 00:10:01.000
sounds, great thanks, Steven, and thanks for letting us know what's up and updated and changed since we last spoke.

00:10:01.000 --> 00:10:09.000
As a community so looks like Nathan has. Oh, Tracy, I'll turn it back to you, and then let you handle the questions and and organization

00:10:09.000 --> 00:10:25.000
when this idea first came up I was really worried about whether it would dilute some of the work going on in the community, and I think Steven deserves a lot of credit for all his work, cultivating the contributor base on this proposal if you look at who's said

00:10:25.000 --> 00:10:43.000
there's sponsoring or supporting The list is a lot more extensive than I expected, but and it it just looks like it's setting up to be a really good improvement to Take Advantage of not only better decomposition of how you know all of your identity code is

00:10:43.000 --> 00:10:48.000
organized and hyper ledger, but also to to help get more community contributors excited.

00:10:48.000 --> 00:10:49.000
So thanks, Steven, for all the the great work on the proposal.

00:10:49.000 --> 00:10:57.000
Nathan

00:10:57.000 --> 00:11:11.000
Alright. It definitely is an impressively, any comments or questions on the proposal

00:11:11.000 --> 00:11:12.000
I was just curious. Is the is there an implementation also that will move out of Indie?

00:11:12.000 --> 00:11:21.000
Oh!

00:11:21.000 --> 00:11:26.000
No, there is an implementation, So there's 2 implementations in Indie right now.

00:11:26.000 --> 00:11:34.000
the plan is to take one of those which is called for lack of a better term.

00:11:34.000 --> 00:11:46.000
The developer named Credx, And that will be basically what we'll do is we will split and I'm hoping someone knows the Github magic, because we don't want to lose.

00:11:46.000 --> 00:11:53.000
Any history, but basically split a repo into 2. One will remain with Indie, and we'll have the in on credits.

00:11:53.000 --> 00:12:16.000
Part of it removed, one will move to the non-cred project should it be created, and have the Indie parts removed, so the history will hopefully be maintained in both, and then we'll move forward with that with the 2 repositories so the in on credits is

00:12:16.000 --> 00:12:42.000
as I said, it's already been used in a number of ways, in the number of places to implement non-indian democrats, and this will will then evolve that implementation to formalize the separation of the nonprets processing the implementation of the specification from the storing

00:12:42.000 --> 00:12:48.000
and retrieving of an on-prets, objects from a a verifiable data registry.

00:12:48.000 --> 00:12:49.000
So that's the that's the plan for the software.

00:12:49.000 --> 00:13:00.000
Peter.

00:13:00.000 --> 00:13:13.000
Thanks, Tracy. Hey, Stephen! So thanks for addressing the questions on the github, and quick follow up on that So and this proposal looks looks really good.

00:13:13.000 --> 00:13:32.000
And this is kind of a project that would bring in more participation, and it it aligns well with building those reusable components or building those pluggable components that would allow us to utilize our give flexibility to cost constant the end users right and quick question

00:13:32.000 --> 00:13:33.000
on the implementation aspect I know in the proposal you mentioned, that the they can be a close source or open source, or what do we call it?

00:13:33.000 --> 00:13:43.000
No, it's very much software

00:13:43.000 --> 00:14:02.000
The components that deal with Vdr right that the the Vd part those can be either closer or open source parts, So within hyper Ledgerio specifically mentioned about fabric in May Zoom, And I'm just curious if you have identified people who will be working on that or is

00:14:02.000 --> 00:14:03.000
it that you'll be working with those fabric and basic teams in coming up with the solution.

00:14:03.000 --> 00:14:10.000
Yeah, okay.

00:14:10.000 --> 00:14:17.000
Yeah, So the Fab: A A fabric implementation has been done.

00:14:17.000 --> 00:14:30.000
So there's a member of the community, a team that did a fabric implementation again, just based on what was already in in the library.

00:14:30.000 --> 00:14:37.000
So that's been implemented, but without benefit of the the proper, decomposition.

00:14:37.000 --> 00:14:44.000
If you will, So the expectation is that will be updated and modified.

00:14:44.000 --> 00:15:07.000
the ethereum One, quite frankly is speculation that we came up with at our watt, but there was a number of people talking there that that speculated that ethereum is likely a and particularly with the the recent transition that that ethereum had that makes it a a pretty good

00:15:07.000 --> 00:15:11.000
possibility, of of it, so that was more speculation.

00:15:11.000 --> 00:15:21.000
But but my expectation is with the strong push right now in identity, and and the interest in identity.

00:15:21.000 --> 00:15:27.000
SSI Style Identity decentralized identity, and and verifiable data.

00:15:27.000 --> 00:15:34.000
Quite frankly, I think it is a a a a a likely strong combination.

00:15:34.000 --> 00:15:39.000
So that is more speculative versus the fabric one where somebody is actually already done.

00:15:39.000 --> 00:15:47.000
An implementation, and it would be moving that implementation. Does that make sense

00:15:47.000 --> 00:15:53.000
And then and then, of course, there's people like Ched that have their own ledger.

00:15:53.000 --> 00:16:02.000
They're likely to put their implementation in their own repos Checked, I believe, is, is is open source, so those will be open source ones.

00:16:02.000 --> 00:16:24.000
But I could envision others, doing a proprietary one, and and and and that's the where the closed source might come in.

00:16:24.000 --> 00:16:25.000
about it, and probably I know somewhere. I remember reading in the proposal, but just for completeness sake of this argument, and so there is ais community also.

00:16:25.000 --> 00:16:39.000
But but quite frankly, that's for them to provide to people so that they can. You make use of an on credits on their platform, if that's what they want to do

00:16:39.000 --> 00:16:50.000
Yes, absolutely. And the Ares has most of the frameworks in Aries already have not all.

00:16:50.000 --> 00:16:59.000
But most have and nonpread support. And and this change will be relatively minor, more or less.

00:16:59.000 --> 00:17:28.000
It will be dependencies within within the frameworks themselves, and so should not affect business logic, and really is just part would be part of a minor upgrade for any of the areas frameworks and that's the certainly the implementation.

00:17:28.000 --> 00:17:32.000
So this is a bit more of a commentary than an actual question.

00:17:32.000 --> 00:17:35.000
This aligns with something that's happening in some of the ethereum layer.

00:17:35.000 --> 00:17:36.000
2 spaces. They're calling a modular blockchain breaking out these modules and we're using it everywhere.

00:17:36.000 --> 00:17:37.000
Plan and interest of the community

00:17:37.000 --> 00:17:56.000
alright. Thank you, Dana

00:17:56.000 --> 00:18:05.000
Right. Any other comments or questions on the proposal

00:18:05.000 --> 00:18:06.000
Anybody have any objections that they would like to bring up or any concerns that they would like to bring up

00:18:06.000 --> 00:18:30.000
Excellent. Thank you.

00:18:30.000 --> 00:18:36.000
Absolutely. Yes, The idea here, we think, is by expanding.

00:18:36.000 --> 00:18:56.000
You know the basic strategy from an indie perspective is by expanding the user base of an non-credits, by by removing roadblocks from from the adoption of of an awkward when people look around for Okay, where do we want to host our and on credits

00:18:56.000 --> 00:18:57.000
objects in the will be a an excellent choice. And so it's a sort of rising, rising tide floats all boats.

00:18:57.000 --> 00:19:18.000
Diana.

00:19:18.000 --> 00:19:19.000
Okay, Any other comments concerns

00:19:19.000 --> 00:19:45.000
strategy from an Indie perspective

00:19:45.000 --> 00:20:04.000
the question about Earth was raised. If it's a good time. If I can talk to someone in our team and help with a boss, I can help with the reports, but only if I have enough data to actually help

00:20:04.000 --> 00:20:08.000
Awesome.

00:20:08.000 --> 00:20:09.000
Okay.

00:20:09.000 --> 00:00:00.000
Okay, please contact me. I have Victor Gibney Aski, and I'll be available

00:00:00.000 --> 00:00:00.000
The others are no

00:00:00.000 --> 00:00:30.000
Alright.

00:20:12.000 --> 00:20:17.000
Could you put your oh chat is disabled somehow back to me

00:20:17.000 --> 00:20:23.000
Yes.

00:20:23.000 --> 00:20:26.000
Okay, yeah.

00:20:26.000 --> 00:20:31.000
Steven, I would contact with you, Right? Sure.

00:20:31.000 --> 00:20:32.000
Okay.

00:20:32.000 --> 00:20:34.000
This is the opportunity before we call for vote. So if you do have anything that you're holding on to, hoping that this is going to go on until next week Then Now is your time to speak.

00:20:34.000 --> 00:20:39.000
Alright.

00:20:39.000 --> 00:20:49.000
Alright, any any final comments, questions, concerns, subjections, anything that you would like to bring up?

00:20:49.000 --> 00:20:57.000
Okay, I guess that's the is that are you making a motion there, or no

00:20:57.000 --> 00:21:03.000
Okay, do we have a second

00:21:03.000 --> 00:21:17.000
Alright, alright! Nice for that alright. So we're now voting to approve the nonprofits project as a top level project within Hyper Ledger. Right?

00:21:17.000 --> 00:21:30.000
sure on the matter before the Toc Angelo or no pardon

00:21:30.000 --> 00:21:39.000
A room. Bobby. Okay, Tano

00:21:39.000 --> 00:21:47.000
David Grace is not here, Jim

00:21:47.000 --> 00:21:51.000
Okay, Cam: Lesh.

00:21:51.000 --> 00:21:57.000
Nathan, Peter Tracy, and Troy is not here so you know it passes congratulations.

00:21:57.000 --> 00:22:06.000
yes.

00:22:06.000 --> 00:22:10.000
Alright. Well, that was a lot quicker than I thought we'd go through things today.

00:22:10.000 --> 00:22:15.000
appreciate that everybody for having reviewed that came with your questions.

00:22:15.000 --> 00:22:23.000
Ready. I wish I had prepared that the presentation that I have have next week for this particular agenda.

00:22:23.000 --> 00:22:29.000
But we will be talking with the prune folks next week in the meeting.

00:22:29.000 --> 00:22:43.000
So before we close out the call, any any other discussion items that we should talk about today

00:22:43.000 --> 00:22:48.000
Everybody just hovering over the link button

00:22:48.000 --> 00:23:02.000
Alright. Well, thanks everybody for joining today, and we will meet again next week.

