1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [How to Contribute](How-to-Contribute_19006806.html)
4. [Non-technical Contribution Opportunities](Non-technical-Contribution-Opportunities_19009079.html)

# Climate Action SIG : MarComm (Marketing / Communications) Project

Created by Woody Moore, last modified on Apr 14, 2022

**Climate Action and Accounting Mission:** The mission of the Climate Action and Accounting Special Interest Group CA2SIG is to explore how to use digital technologies such as blockchain DLT, open source software, AI, IOT, Big Data, machine learning, etc. to deliver new tools to help the human race work together to balance global climate emissions against global climate actions in order to achieve a net-zero carbon future.

**Role Summary:** The CA2SIG is seeking to build awareness around it’ work to help build a global climate accounting system. To accomplish our mission, our communication goal is to attract the interest, participation and support from global members of government, corporations, academics, and citizens. Our success depends on our ability to attract passionate developers, analysts, researchers, policy makers, scientists and other subject matter experts and we need your help to help spread the word and share our story. The MarComm opportunity to contribute has been broken down into several key project areas. Please feel free to take on one project or many by adding your name in the fields provided and contacting Sherwood Moore who will be providing support for your work on this project.

**Opportunity: This is a contribution opportunity in one of Hyperledger's Special Interest Groups.  Contributing to an open source project is a great way to get experience and network with others who are involved in the blockchain and DLT ecosystem. It also offers a unique opportunity to design, manage and execute a marketing Strategy from end-to-end, or to work with the Hyperledger Team to customize a marketing project to customize the marketing project to fit your needs. In addition to the need for a marketing plan for the Climate Action and Accounting SIG, we also have individual projects that have marketing needs for as well. Please contact [woodymo@gmail.com](mailto:woodymo@gmail.com) to express your interest.**

**(A) CA2SIG MarComm Analytics Project:** Hyperlegder has existing tools to help track user visits and engagement on the CA2SIG. In this role you will work with Hyperledger to develop and execute an analytics system to help the CA2SIG measure the health of our community of participants and begin to take a data-driven approach to growing our community.

1. Discuss with Hyperledger representatives for their recommendation for an Analytics Dashboard (this functionality is built into the wiki and just needs to be created using the tools provided)
2. Create Dashboard based on best practices (from conversations with Hyperledger and CA2SIG leadership)
3. Establish KPI's and baseline traffic
4. Develop quarterly reporting
5. Present dashboard and quarterly reporting to the CA2SIG
6. Automate quarterly reporting

NameEstimated Time to CompletionDeliverables

(Please enter your name here) 

Contact Sherwood Moore - woodymo@gmail.com

(What is your estimated time to completion)

Please provide links to deliverables as they are complete for this project:

- CA2SIG Customized Dashboard
- KPI Baseline report
- Presentation to the SIG.

**(B) CA2SIG MarComm Marketing Strategy Project:** In this role, you will help the Climate Action and Accounting Special Interest Group Identify identify what are the communications channels are available to it and how can we best leverage these channel to build awareness and participation in the work of the CA2SIG? This will channels owned by Linux and Hyperledger (mailing lists, newsletters, wiki pages, youtube channels, conferences, events) as well as external channels available to the CA2SIG (Linkedin, twitter, …?)  In this role, you will research and document and assess existing channels and channel strategies to help develop a strategy to help the CA2SIG achieve it’s goals. Role description:

1. Work with CA2SIG leadership and members to identify our target market. What are our objectives? Who do we want to reach? What do we want them to do? Why would they care about what we are doing?
2. Identify Hyperledger channels, who they reach, now best to use them: Engage members of Hyperledger, leaders of other special interest groups, and the education and resources team to understand existing Hyperledger channels and how to best use these channels.
3. Conduct research to identify external channels (and channel strategies) that the CA2SIG should be taking advantage of as well. For example, how might the CA2SIG best leverage channels like linkedin and twitter)?
4. Apply learnings to help the CA2SIG identify its own multi-channel MarComm strategies for each channel
5. 1. What kind of audience can we reach through each channel? How?
   2. What kind of content is suitable for each channel, when, at what frequency
   3. What is the process to submit or post content
   4. What are the best practices when posting to maximize reach of content
6. Combine strategies to create a communication plan for the SIG.
7. Work with CA2SIG members to execute the communications plan
8. 1. Build out the CA2SIG presence on any channels that it currently isn’t using (example’s include twitter and linkedin
   2. Create an editorial calendar to manage content against deadlines
   3. Provide any best practices and/or tools templates that the CA2SIG can use for the different channels.

NameEstimated Time to CompletionDeliverables

(Please enter your name here) 

Contact Sherwood Moore - [woodymo@gmail.com](mailto:woodymo@gmail.com)

(What is your estimated time to completion)

Please provide links to deliverables as they are complete for this project:

- Communication Goals/Obectives
- Channel Identification Document
- CA2SIG Mark/Comm Strategy
- Establish CA2SIG presence on new channels
- Process to operationalize execution of editorial calendar

**(C) CA2SIG MarComm Content Strategy Project:**

1. Climate Accounting brings together the needs and interests of many different stakeholders - technologists, policymakers, environmentalists and many other types of specialists and activists.  Help the CA2SIG attract the participation and expertise it needs by developing and executing a content strategy to reach this targeted audience.
2. 1. Leverage the existing library of CA2SIG content: presentations, webinars, papers, etc. to execute the communication strategy developed in project B.
   2. Work with SIG members and Hyperledger to develop new content. This could include:
      
      1. An article or article series
      2. Webinar or webinar series
      3. CA2SIG speaking events
   3. Report success using dashboard/reporting from project A

NameEstimated Time to CompletionDeliverables

(Please enter your name here) 

Contact Sherwood Moore - [woodymo@gmail.com](mailto:woodymo@gmail.com)

(What is your estimated time to completion)

Please provide links to deliverables as they are complete for this project:

- Link to article, webinar or any new content developed
- Analytics - Reporting Impact of content strategy project.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:04

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
