1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19005701.html)
4. [Engagement WG](Engagement-WG_19005928.html)

# Climate Action SIG : Articles / Media Strategy Project

Created by Woody Moore, last modified on Oct 29, 2021

The objective of this project is to help build awareness about Climate Accounting, the Climate Action and Accounting Special Interest Group (CA2SIG) and all related issues of interest.

To accomplish this objective, this page will:

- Provide a central repository for listing article ideas.
- Provide best practices / formats for writing and publishing an article.
- Develop a list of publication sources / distribution for climate accounting articles.
- Establish a publication calendar to help the group plan group-related communications.

## Article Planning

Article Title/TopicAuthorObjectiveTarget AudienceSupport NeededTarget Publication Date

**Interview Series: Perspectives on an Open Source Renewable Energy Project Finance Interoperability Network.**

Sherwood MooreObjective: to allow leaders from Hyperledger, LF Energy, Os-Climate, Trust over IP,  Finos and Open Earth Foundation to share their thoughts on the value of this collaborative project to build an interoperability network.Hyperledger Ecosystem and any other Blockchain focused audiencesNeed support coordinating interviews with leadership from Hyperledger, LF Energy, Os-Climate, Trust over IP,  Finos and Open Earth Foundation.TBD**Working title: "Climate Accounting: The Key to Solving Climate Change"**.Sherwood Moore

Primary Obj: To build general awareness of Climate Accounting by explaining what is and the value it can provide importance in easy to understand language for a broad audience.

Secondary Obj: To attract new contributors to join the SIG.

Broad Audience of environmentalistPrior to publication it would be ideal to have a larger number of non-technical projects.TBD

## Media Channels Available to the SIG

Name of ChannelChannel DescriptionInstructions**Hyperledger**

Hyperledger supports several channels that can be used to target Hyperledger blockchain developers. This includes it's HL monthly newsletters, Weekly Dev Newsletters, HL Blog, and social channels including Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook and Youtube.

To reach these channels, please work with David Boswell.[**Climate Chain Coalition**](https://www.climatechaincoalition.io/)

The Climate Chain Coalition (CCC) is an open global initiative to support collaboration among members and stakeholders to advance blockchain (distributed ledger technology) and related digital solutions (e.g. IoT, big data) to help mobilize climate finance and enhance MRV (measurement, reporting and verification) to scale climate actions for mitigation and adaptation. Channels include CCC Linked and Slack Channel.

Linkedin: Join CCC Linkedin Group. Next, click on "Groups" to left of screen. Paste content into "Start a Conversation in This Group.

Slack Channel: As a member of the CA2SIG you are also a member of CCC. If you have not received an invite to the CCC slack channel, please contact Tom Baumann

[Climate Ledger Initiative](https://www.climateledger.org/)

The CLI addresses policy and research questions and identifies specific innovation opportunities to contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation and accelerate the implementation of the Paris Agreement 

Contact Sherwood Moore to coordinate.[BlockWarming](http://www.blockwarming.com/index/active/aboutus.html?type=en)In 2018, BlockWarming joined the United Nations’ CCC (Climate Chain Coalition) and is the exclusive media platform for English and Chinese language material from CCC members. By providing dual-language text and voice translation services, BlockWarming strives to share knowledge among CCC members in the areas of environmental protection, low-carbon economics and science and technology, so as to jointly advance the global efforts against climate change.Please follow these [instructions](http://www.blockwarming.com/index/active/aboutus.html?type=en) to publish via the BlockWarming media platform. For question/issues, please contact Sherwood Moore.[Medium.com](https://medium.com/)

Medium is an open platform where 170 million readers come to find insightful and dynamic thinking. Anyone can write on Medium. Thought-leaders, journalists, experts, and individuals with unique perspectives share their thinking here. You’ll find pieces by independent writers from around the globe, stories we feature and leading authors, and smart takes on our own suite of blogs and publications.

[Follow this link](https://medium.com/creators?source=about_page---creators_top_nav_link-----------------------about_page_creators_top_nav_link-&utm_source=about&utm_medium=landing-page&utm_campaign=creators&utm_content=top-nav) for instructions for publishing via medium.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:09

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
