1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19005701.html)
4. [Standards WG](Standards-WG_19005755.html)

# Climate Action SIG : Introductory course syllabus: AIA Ontology

Created by Christiaan Pauw, last modified on May 07, 2024

Unit of competence: Knowledge or skill needed to perform a specific task.

To be able to understand and describe and apply formal system accounting for how agents impact environments through their activities

1. Transmission
2. Assesment
3. Comformation

**Course**

1. **Why: (Understand the importance human impact on the integrated environment and why we need a common language (understandable by humans and machines) to describe human impact ) \[Problem]**
   
   1. Why climate
      
      1. Our action have consequences
   2. Why AIA
      
      1. Premise 1: An agent enganges in an activity that impacts an environment
   3. Why ontologies (human and machines understand)
      
      1. Data, representation and processing, structure and meaning
      2. Semantic Web ([https://cambridgesemantics.com/blog/semantic-university/learn-owl-rdfs/owl-101/#:~:text=OWL%20is%20now%20the%20ontology,Expressive%20and%20flexible%20data%20modeling](https://cambridgesemantics.com/blog/semantic-university/learn-owl-rdfs/owl-101/#:~:text=OWL%20is%20now%20the%20ontology,Expressive%20and%20flexible%20data%20modeling))
         
         1. Content understandable and available in machine procesable form (*programmable knowledge*)
   4. Why anthropogenic impact analysis
2. How \[Method]
   
   1. How the Semantic Web works 
      
      1. RDF ([https://www.w3.org/RDF/](https://www.w3.org/RDF/))
         
         1. “RDF is a standard model for data interchange on the Web. RDF has features that facilitate data merging even if the underlying schemas differ, and it specifically supports the evolution of schemas over time without requiring all the data consumers to be changed.
         2. RDF extends the linking structure of the Web to use URIs to name the relationship between things as well as the two ends of the link (this is usually referred to as a “triple”). Using this simple model, it allows structured and semi-structured data to be mixed, exposed, and shared across different applications.
         3. This linking structure forms a directed, labeled graph, where the edges represent the named link between two resources, represented by the graph nodes. This *graph view* is the easiest possible mental model for RDF and is often used in easy-to-understand visual explanations.”
      2. OWL,
         
         1. Expressive and flexible data modeling
         2. Efficient automated reasoning
         3. “One of the distinguishing features of OWL is that it can be used to express extremely complicated and subtle ideas about your data. OWL specifies concepts, relationships, as well as characteristics of concepts and relationships in a human and machine understandable models.
      3. Knowledge graphs
3. What is AIAO \[Product apply method to solce problem]
   
   1. Axioms
   2. Definitions: Agents, Activities, and Environment
   3. OWL
   4. Protobufs
   5. Use Cases
4. For whom and for what \[users and use cases]
   
   1. Users
   2. Use cases
5. Next steps
   
   1. Mapping AIAO to existing standards  and vocabularies
   2. (Provide a possibility to engage. Including the point of engagement)
   3. (What else is needed)

Course Structure Table

WeekPage  
NumSectionResourcesContentsAssessment**Question****Help**11WHY: Climate

Text, Videos, Transcripts, Questionnaires, Interactive Diagrams, etc

1. Be able to articulate why climate considerations are import in the world today.

Questionnaire  
1 Explain why you think climate considerations are important in the world today? (scoring guide)

WHY: AIA   
AIA 1

Impact mentality   
AIA n

WHY: Ontologies  
Ontologies

Data

Semantic Web

RFD

OWL

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:09

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
