1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG Standards WG Call](CA2-SIG-Standards-WG-Call_19007176.html)

# Climate Action SIG : 2023 01 17 Standards WG

Created by Alex Ivan Howard, last modified on Jan 17, 2023

### Agenda

1. Orientation for 2023.
2. Look at [https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#claims).
3. Follow up on notes from previous meeting:
   
   1. Consider replacing "claim (v)" with "report (v)" and "audit (v)" with "verify". In agreement with industry vocab.
   2. Consider defining "time" in our ontology.
   3. Revisit definition of 'parameter'
4. Look at co2.storage.
5. Continue with formalising definitions to ontology terms.

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

### Recording

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-attachment)

Seems like remembering to export the chat as well at the end of a meeting is not my forte... &gt;&lt; Sorry, folk. Will try again next time.

### **Time**

- Tuesday, January 17th, 2023 at 08 AM Pacific ([View calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig/calendar))
- [Add CA2 SIG Standard WG calls to your calendar](#)

### **Dial-In Information  \[ZOOM]**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09)
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

### **Meeting Notes**

1. Things we could try to do this year:
   
   1. Create Youtube videos once we have a stable "first release" of the ontology.
   2. Write a whitepaper for our ontology - Hyperledger provides tech and graphical support to such endeavours.
   3. Develop tools to be able to query across ontologies - it will be very important to ARMMs.
2. Currently testing hosting at: [https://www.purl.org/aiaontology](https://www.purl.org/aiaontology)

**Repo for protobufs: [https://github.com/aartum/CA2-SIG-StandardsWG](https://github.com/aartum/CA2-SIG-StandardsWG)**

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [invite.ics](attachments/19009983/19009987.ics) (text/calendar)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19009983/19010005.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
