1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG General Meetings](CA2-SIG-General-Meetings_19006785.html)
5. [2020 General Meeting Notes Archive](2020-General-Meeting-Notes-Archive_19005643.html)

# Climate Action SIG : CA2 SIG - Meeting May 5

Created by Martin Wainstein, last modified on May 05, 2020

**Time:**

- May 5, 2020 at 8 AM Pacific

**Dial-In Information:**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community "https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community")
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

**Attendees:**

![](attachments/19005750/19005753.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## **Meeting Agenda &amp; Discussion topics**

- Welcome everyone from the SIG chairs
- New SIG member introductions (All)
- Walkthrough previous sessions and review the [Open Climate Dialogue](https://www.collabathon.openclimate.earth/earth-day-event) event  (Martin)
- Upcoming meeting schedule and important dates
- Survey discussion for the working group topics
- Working Group discussion topics for the SIG members: 
  
  - Working Groups Creations - assign leaders to created WG ([see WG section](Working-Groups_19005701.html))
  - Share and invite member to the Collabathon Working Groups (eg. Consumer Disclosure)
- Plan Webinar events and panels for the year:
  
  - Discuss event feasibility in the context of the NY Blockchain Week and Consensus (May 11-13)
  - Discuss a main event in November in the context of the postposed COP 26
  - ...
- Wrap-up and next steps

## **Recording**

## **![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-attachment)**

## **Minutes**

- New intros by Joel from Wells Fargo interested in sustainable finance.
- Martin reviewed the Open Climate Dialogues and how the HL CA2 SIG and further collaborate with the [Open Climate Collabathon](https://www.collabathon.openclimate.earth/earth-day-event).
- Proposal to create a member survey and idea input to improve SIG engage was well received
  
  - David and [Tom Baumann](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14d5259a-b44f-4c1b-b62a-c61d0d32a595?ref=confluence)  will begin the form template, borrowing from the experience in the Healthcare SIG but more focused on idea inputs for the Climate Action SIG
  - The survey could be embedded in a welcome email when new member join the mailing list. [David Boswell](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:0a14f738-3039-421f-a6a9-a83d19f23227?ref=confluence)will check if this is a feature we can use
- The working groups were discussed and a key point was made that while they need to be run/lead by SIG members, these are not necessarily long term commitments, rather commitments can finish when a new WG is found
  
  - [Martin Wainstein](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5af98bd1e608115790242590?ref=confluence) will post language on WG chairing and commitments in the WG section
  - [Christiaan Pauw](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d7546015a4d810d2c4dc927?ref=confluence) will add language and content to the [Standards WG](Standards-WG_19005755.html) now posted
- Anshu Jain shared the WG he is leading from the collabathon around [consumer disclosure](https://collabathon-docs.openclimate.earth/hacks/2020-working-groups/consumer-disclosure-working-group) and sustainable supply chains. He will send an email for SG members who are interested in joining
- Webinar and events format was discussed. Two options for event formats was proposed
  
  1. Having Bi Weekly short webinars in the context of general meetings
  2. Organizing one or two larger gatherings with several sessions (i.e. conference style)
- Members had different preferences on these two formats. A proposal made by [Martin Wainstein](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5af98bd1e608115790242590?ref=confluence)is to create a self-organized webinar format, so that every speaker can follow instructions on how to organize and run them, rather than relying on the chairs to organize and coordinate every share out. [Martin Wainstein](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5af98bd1e608115790242590?ref=confluence)will think about this self-organized instructions and post them on the HL website
  
  - Will share out options for next weeks webinar (maybe Lisa from AL?)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [inclusive.png](attachments/19005750/19005753.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19005750/19005751.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19005750/19005752.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19005750/19005764.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
