1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG General Meetings](CA2-SIG-General-Meetings_19006785.html)
5. [2021 General Meeting Notes Archive](2021-General-Meeting-Notes-Archive_19006648.html)

# Climate Action SIG : CA2 SIG - Meeting January 26

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Jan 28, 2021

![](attachments/19006647/19006652.png?height=250)

**Time:**

- Tuesday, January 26, 2020 at 8 AM Pacific / guest speaker presentation at 9 AM Pacific
- [Add Climate Action and Accounting SIG calls to your calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig/ics/invite.ics?repeatid=24572)

**Dial-In Information:**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer:[https://zoom.us/j/4034983298?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09](https://zoom.us/j/4034983298?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09)
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## **Meeting Agenda**

- Welcoming members, including new member introductions
- New introductions from Sherwood Moore and Montagu Murray
- Update of the aartum website by Nova: [www.aartum.io](http://www.aartum.io)
- SDG article by [Conor Svensson](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:d2adae8a-8cf9-4b78-9790-cd7352deb58a?ref=confluence): [https://blog.web3labs.com/17-ways-blockchain-can-help-us-meet-the-united-nations-sustainable-development-goals](https://blog.web3labs.com/17-ways-blockchain-can-help-us-meet-the-united-nations-sustainable-development-goals)
- Updates from the peer programming call, where TrustID was presented: [2021-01-18 Peer Programming Call](2021-01-18-Peer-Programming-Call_19006691.html)
- The fourth quarter report for the SIG in 2020 is now due and we have template for members to add points and edits: [Q3/Q4 - 2020](19006714.html)
- Anouncement of the SIG Chair nomination process to define the chairs for 2021. The page to write your name as an interested participant to help chairing the SIG is now posted on the wiki here: [2021 SIG Chair nomination process](2021-SIG-Chair-nomination-process_19006723.html)
- Guest presentation from [Tom Baumann](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tombaumann/) and [Henry Kim](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henry-m-kim-581700/) on [Towards Ontology and Blockchain Based Measurement, Reporting and Verification for Climate Action](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3717389) (starting at 12 Eastern)
  
  - Climate action accounting, often referred to as measurement, reporting and verification (MRV) has many challenges that digital solutions can help resolve. Although blockchain in combination with IoT and other digital technologies can help to address climate data track and trace in support of climate finance and resources to support climate actions (e.g. climate-smart agriculture), there remains the basic challenge that MRV standards, and the MRV standards system itself, is fragmented and archaic. This not only a climate issue but is a major problem of “greenwashing” claims. Therefore, digital solutions also need to be leveraged to support a nextgen MRV standards system to (1) improve the interoperability and cohesiveness of the MRV standards and outputs, as well as (2) expedite a qualitity-controlled process of converting (existing and new) plain language MRV standards into MRV “smart standards” (similar to smart contracts), for example via semantic web ontologies and XBRL frameworks to bridge MRV standards with DLT-enabled solutions.
  - Presentation accesible here: [![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-macro)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rP7mKbgjwmfdGm3Bzcsaa_8ad72Pof5M/view?usp=sharing)

## **Recording**

- [Recording of the regular call](#)
- [Recording of the guest presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5FdF0SUfec)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [3.png](attachments/19006647/19006650.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [casig\_presentation\_jan2021.png](attachments/19006647/19006652.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19006647/19006649.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19006647/19006651.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19006647/19006730.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
