1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG General Meetings](CA2-SIG-General-Meetings_19006785.html)
5. [2020 General Meeting Notes Archive](2020-General-Meeting-Notes-Archive_19005643.html)

# Climate Action SIG : CA2 SIG Call on February 25, 2020

Created by Martin Wainstein, last modified on Feb 25, 2020

**Time:**

- February 25, 2020 at 8 AM Pacific

**Dial-In Information:**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community "https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community")
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

**Attendees:**

22 people on the zoom call

**Notice:**

**![](attachments/19005681/19005683.png?height=250)**

![](attachments/19005681/19005684.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## **Meeting Agenda &amp; Discussion topics**

- Welcome everyone from the SIG chairs
- Walkthrough previous sessions and Agenda for the day  (Martin)
- Upcoming meeting schedule and important dates
- SIG member introductions (All)
- Discussion topics for the SIG members: 
  
  - New introductions by members that did not assist the launch
  
  <!--THE END-->
  
  - Creation of a working group and strategy to define standards for climate accounting
  - Creation of Resource section for sharing Hyperledger technology frameworks that are relevant to climate accounting
  - [Migrating Aartum into CA2SIG](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig/topic/migrating_aartum_into/70242284?p=%2C%2C%2C20%2C0%2C0%2C0%3A%3Arecentpostdate%2Fsticky%2C%2C%2C20%2C2%2C0%2C70242284)
  - Hyperledger Global Forum coming up in March - CA2 SIG presence at the event
  - Issues with Hyperledger Chat server
  - (add discussion topics here)
- An introduction to [Hyperledger Labs](https://hyperledger-labs.github.io/)
- Take part in Hyperledger's summer mentorship program – [submit a project proposal before end of February](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects)
- Wrap-up and next steps
- 
  

## **Meeting Minutes, Notes and Action Items:**

### **TOPICS DISCUSSED**

- Intro by Co-chairs and review of last meeting

<!--THE END-->

- Share outs by new community members:

Elieen Doohan - Climate Hacks .org

Jan Scheufen - Hyperledger Burrow

Bobbi Muscara - HL Learning Material working groups

Noel Coenraad - Policy background from Columbia Uni with interest in blockchain &amp; SDG

Alex Howard - Nova Institute developing in Aartum project

Mohamed Abdulaziz - Chief developer, Block-Leap an energy and blockchain solutions startup

Montagu Murray - Nova Institute (non-profit company in South Africa)

- Co-chairs stressing the importance of adding SIG members, company name and description of your project in the [Member Directory](Member-Directory_19005585.html). Also add relevant Climate+DLT info to [Resources](Resources_19005603.html) tab
- Discussion around creation of Working groups. New WG tab now available in the Wiki to propose working group topics. See [WG tab here](Working-Groups_19005701.html).
- Discussion around Standards: 
  
  - Tom Baumann giving an intro to the role of standards, how important and relevant they are, the $billion dollars they represent (1-2% of GDP), the need for analog vs digital approaches to standards &amp; the need for strategy in developing them
  - Need for *improving current standards for climate accounting*, starting with mitigation actions (as key first part for adaptation and in order to incorporate the use of new digital tools and maximizing the value they create.
  - Martin distinguishing *climate standards vs DLT climate standards*
  - Chris Gabriel, discussing the need for standards to *avoid a 500 blockchains problem*. The need to have a *common language* for every DLT to speak, and getting businesses involved.
  - Important work to *scoping standards*, since there are many forms of standards that need to come together within climate accounting
  - Christiaan raising the role of WBCSD and WRI with the greenhouse gas protocol, that also led to many development of standards.
  - [Tom Baumann](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:14d5259a-b44f-4c1b-b62a-c61d0d32a595?ref=confluence) will proposed a process to develop a strategy used for standard development.
- Hyperledger frameworks relevant to climate applications:
  
  - Martin to create a space in the resource section for members to share experience in HL framework application to climate
  - Martin and the Open Climate project with experience in Hyperledger Sawtooth and Iroha for a climate ledger, and Hyperledger Indy with the Spatial Web Foundation
  - Mohamed Abdulaziz with Hyperledger Besu experience for certificates of origin
  - Chris Gabriel (hyperchain) working using Hyperledger Fabrics  with an integration to the Ethereum Virtual Machine for certificates of origin
- Hyperledger SIG scope and the role of Labs
  
  - This topic is in relation to the comment of migrating existing projects like Aartum to the SIG
  - SIGs can usher a Labs initiative to begin working with existing open source code projects
  - Have the SIG community think about what can be worked on in terms of code
- Summer Mentorship Program 
  
  - Hyperledger funds technical students to work on existing code projects
  - Applications to access these interns for your ongoing projects are due at the end of the month
- Hyperledger Global Forum
  
  - [Martin Wainstein](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5af98bd1e608115790242590?ref=confluence) will be in the forum representing the SIG and will be involved in the next events:
  - Martin discussing SIG on a panel on climate accounting and energy with Hyperledger and LF Energy. March 3 at 4:15pm at room 102a. [Agenda here.](https://events19.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2020/program/agenda/)
  - Birds of a Feather for the Climate SIG on March 4. [BOF links here](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HGF/pages/22708299/BOF+tables)
  - Special Interest Group Kiosk, will be on March 5 at 4pm. [Kiosk link here.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HGF/pages/22708301/Special+Interest+Group+Kiosk)
- Other topics and ideas to add to the SIG
  
  - Involvement of the scientific community in both the development of standards and the role of DLT
  - Interoperability within the Hyperledger

## Meeting Recording

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-attachment)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/19005681/19005683.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [inclusive.png](attachments/19005681/19005684.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [audio\_only.mp3](attachments/19005681/19005709.mp3) (audio/mp3)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
