1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG General Meetings](CA2-SIG-General-Meetings_19006785.html)
5. [2021 General Meeting Notes Archive](2021-General-Meeting-Notes-Archive_19006648.html)

# Climate Action SIG : CA2 SIG - Meeting May 4

Created by Robin Klemens, last modified by Woody Moore on May 18, 2021

**Planned**:

- Welcome new members, including new member introductions
- Updates / needs from CA2SIG Working Groups
  
  - Consumer Disclosure
  - Carbon Accounting WG
  - Standards WG
  - Climate Research WG 
    
    - Research prompt? - Overcome misconception that blockchain (rather than just Bitcoin and Ethereum POW) is energy intensive and environmentally harmful.- Si
  - Plan to create a **Awareness and Capacity Building WG**
    
    - Events to attend - List updated by CA2SIG members
    - Speaking Opportunities
      
      - CA2SIG presentation materials
    - Content / Articles
    - Planned guests invited to present at CA2SIG meetings
    - Diversity and inclusion project
- Diversity and Inclusion [findings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020) / 2021 strategy
- Video campaign
  
  - [Faces of the Climate Action Special Interest Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=19007323)
- Update: Contribution campaign around earth day
- [2021 CA2SIG Goals / Action Plan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=19007194)
  
  - Develop More Use Cases
  - Develop More Proofs of Concept (POC's)
- Final Announcements
  
  - Presentation to Wall Street Blockchain Alliance on May 13 at 11 am eastern.
- Break-out rooms (time and interest permitting)

**Recording:** 

- [**20210504 CA2SIG Call Recording Part I**](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpageattachments.action?pageId=51609722&preview=%2F51609722%2F51611786%2F20210504%20CA2SIG%20Call%20Recording%20Part%20I%20.mp4)
- [**20210504 CA2SIG Call Recording Part II**](#)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

**Time:**

- Tuesday, May 4, 2021 at 8 AM Pacific
- [Add Climate Action and Accounting SIG calls to your calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig/ics/invite.ics?repeatid=24572)

**Dial-In Information:  \[ZOOM]**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/j/4034983298?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09](https://zoom.us/j/4034983298?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09)
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

## **Meeting Notes**

- Attendees: 15
- Welcome new members, including new member introductions
  
  - Charlie Bushman
  - Laurie Reynolds
- Updates / needs from CA2SIG Working Groups
  
  - Standards WG
    
    - First draft of ontology is ready
    - Next step will be to test the ontology with a real-world scenario (e.g. personal carbon footprint accounting)
  - Climate Research WG 
    
    - Research prompt? - Overcome misconception that blockchain (rather than just Bitcoin and Ethereum POW) is energy intensive and environmentally harmful.- Si
    - Blog post or paper about this topic?
      
      - Blog post would be more high-level
      - Paper would be a more in-dept analysis of the numbers in terms of energy usage (kWh) etc.
      - comparison of energy uses for different types of blockchain?? Ressources saved by using blockchain (e.g. paper)??
    - [Lam Nguyen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:61b84c88-58c9-4599-a9a5-6da98840b618?ref=confluence) presented the Climate Research Group and provided two directions we could research - Energy usage of blockchains and blockchain-based emission trading systems (cap and trade)
    - [George Blumberg](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:447b7254-1a25-43d8-bcd6-7a4df42c7bc6?ref=confluence) The current problem for students is that the scope seems infinite and it needs to be graspable for students. Having assignments ready that describe a project with defined outcomes could help a lot.
  - Plan to create a **Awareness and Capacity Building WG**
    
    - Events to attend - List updated by CA2SIG members
    - Speaking Opportunities
      
      - CA2SIG presentation materials
    - Content / Articles
    - Planned guests invited to present at CA2SIG meetings
    - Diversity and inclusion project
- Diversity and Inclusion [findings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020) / 2021 strategy
  
  - [Woody Moore](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:310f5eae-a11b-435a-ae52-42b0a796fe0b?ref=confluence)  proposed the idea to have representatives in the different regions over the world
  - [Alfonso Govela](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:8cbeb593-dd1b-4b43-a966-913564f1575a?ref=confluence) suggests connecting with universities and high schools to increase diversity
  - Karolina suggests targeting directly associations of universities that already participate in the blockchain space
  - [kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence) suggest reaching out to the Social Impact SIG and the regional chapters and also organizing a hackathon
- Video campaign
  
  - [Faces of the Climate Action Special Interest Group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=19007323)
  - Use the next meeting to give people of the group the chance to share why they participate in the CA2 SIG. Then use the part of the recording for the video campaign.
- Do we need meetings in different time zones?
  
  - [Si Chen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c49c10c4-25bf-4187-b582-b521c3c33223?ref=confluence) wants to reach out to the regional chapters of Africa, ASEAN, and Japan
  - Laurie brought up the idea to have a middle man in Europe to link the meeting in the different time zone (east - west)
  - First step will be to ask if people are interested in having meetings in a different time slot and evaluate the decision.

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [3.png](attachments/19007280/19007281.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [casig\_osclimate\_feb9.png](attachments/19007280/19007285.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [casig\_presentation\_jan2021.png](attachments/19007280/19007286.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007282.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007283.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007284.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007287.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007436.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19007280/19007604.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
