1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_19005583.html)
4. [CA2 SIG General Meetings](CA2-SIG-General-Meetings_19006785.html)
5. [2020 General Meeting Notes Archive](2020-General-Meeting-Notes-Archive_19005643.html)

# Climate Action SIG : CA2SIG Call on Feb 11 2020

Created by David Boswell, last modified by Martin Wainstein on Feb 11, 2020

**Time:**

- February 11, 2020 at 8 AM Pacific

**Dial-In Information:**

You can join either from your computer or from your phone:

- From computer: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community "https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community")
- From phone: +1(855)880-1246 (toll free US number) or view [International numbers](https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp)
- Meeting ID: 403 498 3298

**Attendees:**

(28 people in the zoom link)

- Christiaan Pauw, Nova Institute
- Alex Howard, Nova Institute
- Kamlesh Nagware, Snapper Future Tech
- Vipin Bharathan, dlt.nyc, Chair of IDWG and of the Capital markets SIG-Also lab steward and tech ambassador

**![](attachments/19005642/19005644.png?height=250)**

![](attachments/19005642/19005645.png?height=250)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

### **Discussion topics**

- Welcome everyone from the SIG chairs
- Hyperledger introduction (David)
- Walkthrough SIG resources (Martin)
- General SIG mission and community meetings (Tom)
  
  - Recurring bi-weekly Tuesday meetings?
- SIG member introductions (All)
  
  - Identifying related initiatives/resources (blockchain, digital, finance, governance, sectoral …)
- Early actions for the SIG members (e.g. Aartum into CA2SIG)
  
  - [Migrating Aartum into CA2SIG](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig/topic/migrating_aartum_into/70242284?p=%2C%2C%2C20%2C0%2C0%2C0%3A%3Arecentpostdate%2Fsticky%2C%2C%2C20%2C2%2C0%2C70242284)
- Wrap-up and next steps
- Take part in Hyperledger's summer mentorship program – [submit a project proposal before end of February](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects)

### **Notes and Action Items (minutes):**

**Call summary—**

- Kickoff to the SIG (29 people in the zoom call attending) !
- General introduction to the SIG and the proposed mission and scope by the Co-Chairs and introduction to Hyperledger by David Boswell
  
  - Chairs proposed to hold a bi-weekly meeting for the SIG at the timezone proposed (8am Pacific Standard Time)
- Opened the space for member introductions (at the half mark of 30 min).
- Members shared their work and background, which exhibits a good array of diversity, from large corporations, to startups, academia and non-profits
- No objections were made to the bi-weekly meetings and timeslots. So Co-Chairs will create a recurring calendar for these meeting.
- Two comments were made by members around the role of standards in order to prevent overlapping efforts around DLT (distributed ledger technologies) for Climate without interoperability
  
  - This can spark a specific working group within the SIG
- Missing topics that were not discussed
  
  - The proposal by Aartum to migrate into the CA2 SIG (will be discussed in the next session)
  - Take part in Hyperledger's summer mentorship program – [submit a project proposal before end of February](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects)

**Action items—**

- Everyone is encouraged to add their profile in the [member directory](Member-Directory_19005585.html), and start loading useful [resources](Resources_19005603.html) around climate and DLTs.
- Everyone is encourage to start conversation in the [Climate SIG chat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/climate-action-sig) and share the [email list](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/climate-sig) to other networks that might be interested in joining.
- Co-chairs will create timeslot for recurring meetings (will send calendar invites soon)
- The mention for standards can be followed-up by a suggestion from Linux Foundation on best practices, strategy and governance around the development for these. 
  
  - Co-chairs will follow up this discussion with LF and invites suggestions from members
- Other proposed topics for future meetings
  
  - Existing Hyperledger frameworks suitable for the climate accounting space, and share of ongoing projects using HL for climate
  - The carbon and energy footprint of DLTs and blockchain, both to have transparency on environmental impact of the technology and dispel myths when needed
- The agenda for the next meeting on February 25 is posted and open to the community

**Recording:** 

Here is the recording for the kickoff meeting:

![](plugins/servlet/confluence/placeholder/unknown-attachment)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [inclusive.png](attachments/19005642/19005645.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Antitrustnotice.png](attachments/19005642/19005644.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19005642/19005677.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/19005642/19005675.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
