1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19005701.html)
4. [Engagement WG](Engagement-WG_19005928.html)

# Climate Action SIG : COP27 Engagement for the CA2SIG

Created by Woody Moore, last modified on Oct 04, 2022

The CA2SIG will have a presence at COP27. Our goal is to use this opportunity to attract new research and development support, funding, and corporate / IGO partners. We have a great mission to  create an efficient marketplace for environmental data in order to [decarbonize corporate supply chains](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1njpPFpGUtUxp_i9Uo1FWH8uPGZmUfUJ8GlvouXOWiFs/edit?usp=sharing) and want to build on our recent success with [the award winning prototype](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6968359152393879552/) that the CA2SIG lab has produced.

We've received advice that much of our success will depend on establishing contact with targeted stakeholders ahead of COP27 in order to establish a dialogue and opportunities or face-to-face meetings  at COP27. We're reaching out for your help in establishing some of these connections with IGO's that will be attending.

The list is too large for Robin and I to cover alone, but with the help of CA2SIG members, I think we could get good coverage and be more effective for the CA2SIG.

I have worked to make the "ask: as easy as possible, so if you are able to help us, please read the instructions below. Even if you are only able to reach out to 3-4 organizations, collectively this would be a tremendous help!

**CA2SIG COP27 Engagement Support Description:**

If you are able to help support us, please:  
(1) Read the objectives provided below to understand our objectives. This will help you identify which IGO's would make sense for us to reach out to

(2) Please add your name in the excel spreadsheet (Row F) next to the IGO or NGO that you will reach out to

(3) Please ping me, (woodymo@gmail.com) to review / discuss contacts you have selected.

(4) I will provide some messaging to share with the NGO or IGO (Please cc Robin and myself). Please feel free to change the customize the email for the IGO you are reaching out to (it is just a starting point).

**COP27 Engagement Objectives:**

Engage with Development Banks to understand how they might use our system to track the impact of their investments so that we can understand the User Requirements of Development Banks

Engage Development Banks for funding and support in 2023.

Engage Universities/Research Institutions for research Support. We have two active research projects for the Oil and Gas Industry (focused on methane flaring mitigation) (1) Competitive Analysis of existing solutions and (2) Break Even Analysis for Adoption of Decarbonization Technologies.  This research will also be needed for the steel, iron, aluminum, fertilizers, ammonia and cement industry verticals, so there is much opportunity here.

Corporate Partners: funding, research support, development support, pilot partners for prototypes (Target companies include technology companies, logistic/supply chain companies, ESG consulting firms, and the industry verticals described above.

NGO's / IGO's - with initiatives related to our work: Supply chain decarbonization and impact finance / SDG's.

**List of IGO and NGO's with observer status that will be attending COP27:**

[Intergovernmental Organization (IGO) Observers at COP27](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10OcKW6_1k2OE3vGw8tupeyGOjKM3XVvKG-QXj9AWdFI/edit?usp=sharing)

[Non Governmental Organizations (NGO's) Observers at COP27](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11kXUyGyNH3T0aIjgglVk71NYYCMFr-ABMC_oCwnA6IY/edit?usp=sharing)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:09

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
