1. [Climate Action SIG](index.html)
2. [Climate Action and Accounting SIG Home](Climate-Action-and-Accounting-SIG-Home_19005445.html)
3. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19005701.html)
4. [Engagement WG](Engagement-WG_19005928.html)

# Climate Action SIG : Diversity and Inclusion Project

Created by Woody Moore, last modified by Si Chen on May 25, 2021

In order for a global climate accounting network to be effective it must be built by stakeholders that are representative of the global stakeholder community. For this reason diversity and inclusion are of critical importance to the CA2SIG. The objective of this project is to build awareness and attract participation from diverse stakeholder groups to achieve a more inclusive and representative community of contributors. To accomplish this, this group will see to find ambassadors to different communities and work with them to develop and execute engagement strategies for diversity and inclusion.

**Proposed diversity and inclusion strategy for SIG feedback:**

**1) Invite SIG members to serve as CA2SIG ambassadors for different regions / groups**

**2) For each region/group, would it make sense to establish an engagement strategy for the year? This could include:**

- Networks/associations that the CA2SIG should be a part of.
- Distribution channels for promoting CA2SIG content and opportunities to participate. 
  
  - How should we work this into our overall promotion strategy?
- Conferences / events that the CA2SIG can attend and/or present?
- Reporting - how often should CA2SIG ambassadors report on progress?
- Additional issues to consider?
  
  - Language barriers?
  - Messaging - does our messaging need to be targeted in any specific way?

**3) Possible regions/groups could include:**

- Middle East
- Africa
- Asia Pacific
- Central Asia
- Central/South America
- Eastern Europe
- India
- \*\*Given the gender balance of our group (or lack thereof), it may make sense to establish a role focused on encouraging  female membership within the group.
- What are other groups that the CA2SIG development strategies for?

If you would like to volunteer as an ambassador, please identify which region/group that you will be representing. Following input from the SIG, we will work together on establishing your ambassador / engagement strategy.

NameLocationRegion/Group you will be an ambassador to:Sherwood MooreLos Angeles, CATBAAlfonso GovelaMerida, Yucatan, MexicoLatin AmericaPeter ClarkeLondonEast African Community.  Andrea FrosininiFlorence, ItalyItaly and Souther Europe, Northern AfricaSi ChenLos Angeles, CAChina

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:09

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
