WEBVTT

1
00:00:57.360 --> 00:00:59.170
Angelo De Caro: Hello, Hi! Everybody!

2
00:00:59.760 --> 00:01:01.360
Bobbi Muscara: Good morning, everybody.

3
00:01:04.440 --> 00:01:05.610
Tracy Kuhrt: Hi! Sean

4
00:01:06.180 --> 00:01:10.620
Hyperledger Community: uh Sorry for the confusion, Tracy. Uh! I thought I was in the wrong room,

5
00:01:11.020 --> 00:01:13.570
Hyperledger Community: so I

6
00:01:16.350 --> 00:01:35.239
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. Welcome everybody to the December First Hyper Ledger Technical Oversight Committee call um, As you are all aware, uh you've been on this call before two things that we must divide by the first is the antitrust policy. Notice that is currently displayed on the screen,

7
00:01:35.310 --> 00:01:38.640
Tracy Kuhrt: and the second is our code of conduct

8
00:01:39.260 --> 00:01:50.609
Tracy Kuhrt: which is linked in the agenda. Uh. So as far as announcements go today, we have the standard announcement of the Dev Weekly Developer Newsletter that goes out each Friday.

9
00:01:50.760 --> 00:01:58.880
Tracy Kuhrt: Uh, if you have something that you want to include in that newsletter, please leave a comment on the Wiki page that is linked in the agenda

10
00:01:59.060 --> 00:02:03.089
Tracy Kuhrt: any other announcement that anybody has or would like to make.

11
00:02:07.450 --> 00:02:08.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, Angela,

12
00:02:09.240 --> 00:02:32.380
Angelo De Caro: this this thing will not be of interest for money, but I just wanted to take the chance, because I I I didn't run again for all for the the the poc. I just want to take the chance. So you know you never know to to say thank you to everybody. I really enjoyed all the discussion. I learned a lot also from the interactions that we had in the past. Um in the past years.

13
00:02:40.150 --> 00:02:47.100
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Thanks, Angela, and yes, thanks for being on the Tsc. For the last year. Um,

14
00:02:47.130 --> 00:02:48.260
Tracy Kuhrt: it's been.

15
00:02:48.500 --> 00:02:52.570
Tracy Kuhrt: It's really good to have a voice uh that is, uh

16
00:02:52.920 --> 00:03:02.370
Tracy Kuhrt: curious and interested about what's happening in the technical space. So um thank you for that. Any other other announcements that anybody would like to make

17
00:03:09.020 --> 00:03:28.550
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, uh. So speaking of the uh upcoming Toc in the election uh the election did close yesterday, I saw that we had seventy-seven votes that came in. Um! About thirty-nine percent of the people who were eligible did vote for the the technical oversight committee.

18
00:03:28.560 --> 00:03:31.100
Tracy Kuhrt: Um! So it's

19
00:03:31.720 --> 00:03:49.779
Tracy Kuhrt: somewhat this pointing that we move to, uh maintainer's. Only people we thought would be interested in voting for the upcoming technical oversight committee folks uh to not see a larger number there. Um! But maybe we'll have to do some um,

20
00:03:51.300 --> 00:04:08.620
Tracy Kuhrt: some conversations with some of the people who didn't vote to see why they didn't vote, and uh what we could do differently in the future. Um, we do not have the results yet, because the next step is that the governing board, as you recall, has to elect uh five

21
00:04:08.710 --> 00:04:27.130
Tracy Kuhrt: people uh five additional people to the list of technical oversight committee members, and so that will be um starting here shortly. Um, you know the staff is working on getting the information gathered from what uh, what the results were, and

22
00:04:27.140 --> 00:04:36.910
Tracy Kuhrt: also putting together some information on uh the individuals that uh that we have as far as diversity and and things like that. So um

23
00:04:36.930 --> 00:04:52.569
Tracy Kuhrt: probably mid December is when we'll see the results coming back in uh for the next year's technical oversight committee, and uh, we'll get that out there as soon as it's available. After that, Uh, as you are probably all aware.

24
00:04:52.580 --> 00:04:57.940
Tracy Kuhrt: Um! The next steps would be to elect the toc chair and vice chair

25
00:04:58.590 --> 00:04:59.600
Tracy Kuhrt: or no.

26
00:05:00.650 --> 00:05:18.300
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yes, hi, everybody, thank you, Tracy. Now I just wanted to comment on the election process. I think you know, given the more numbers of vote, I think we didn't have to wait a month. I don't know when people actually voted. If we had said, Okay, you have two weeks to vote

27
00:05:18.310 --> 00:05:31.310
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): it doesn't feel like we would have must about. I don't know that for fact, obviously, but uh especially given the the additional stage of having to go to governing board, I think you know

28
00:05:31.330 --> 00:05:39.909
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): two week uh period to vote. To cast the votes probably was good enough, but we might want to think about that in the future.

29
00:05:40.800 --> 00:05:46.149
Tracy Kuhrt: No, thanks, I know. I will tell you that probably a third of the people voted this week

30
00:05:46.240 --> 00:06:05.389
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): um a third of the people who are actually voted. I think it went from fifty to seventy-seven, and this week so um, I don't know if that's because we push people.

31
00:06:06.170 --> 00:06:14.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I completely here, you though are. No, uh, yes, your point is taken as well. So um thank you for that.

32
00:06:16.020 --> 00:06:24.679
Tracy Kuhrt: All right. Any other uh comments on just the the Technical Oversight Committee election, or any other other announcements that people have,

33
00:06:28.370 --> 00:06:29.340
Tracy Kuhrt: I mean,

34
00:06:30.640 --> 00:06:37.910
Arun S M: hey, Tracy? Um. So I know, like previously we refrain from doing it. But since this time the election was focused.

35
00:06:37.930 --> 00:06:41.459
Arun S M: Um! Only to maintain our can we this time?

36
00:06:41.640 --> 00:06:53.630
Arun S M: Uh, do some? I mean, the analytics is visible to us, and we who has noted was not out yet. Can we um try to get free plan from them? The maintainers were not participating.

37
00:06:55.640 --> 00:07:14.070
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think that's a really good idea. And I think Um, this is reaching out and seeing if we can get a summary of why they didn't vote um, you know I don't know what those choices might look like if we were to do a choice sort of thing, or if it's just a open in a question, tell us what? Why you didn't vote

38
00:07:14.080 --> 00:07:22.469
Tracy Kuhrt: um, but I I do think it's worthwhile to to see and um understand right what what what the reasoning is for that

39
00:07:28.440 --> 00:07:30.070
Tracy Kuhrt: any other

40
00:07:30.300 --> 00:07:32.889
Tracy Kuhrt: uh comments or announcements

41
00:07:39.120 --> 00:07:50.199
Tracy Kuhrt: all right not seeing any. Uh we did. We haven't met for about a month. Um! And so we have a number of quarterly reports that come in in the past month. And

42
00:07:50.210 --> 00:08:09.949
Tracy Kuhrt: uh, as I was going through them this morning, I didn't see any open or outstanding questions about any of those reports. It looks like all the questions that were asked were answered, or um, any comments that were made were updated in the the actual report. But did anybody have any questions or anything that we should talk to you

43
00:08:09.960 --> 00:08:14.619
Tracy Kuhrt: uh the the communities about related to their quarterly reports.

44
00:08:23.440 --> 00:08:37.969
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, I will take that as a resounding No uh the upcoming reports. We did get the cello report that came in uh already this week, so um that one's available the

45
00:08:37.980 --> 00:08:55.080
Tracy Kuhrt: um it's probably worthwhile to uh have a conversation with the the team. I know they just gave us their Q. Three. Q. Three report um not too long ago. Uh. And so It may be that they're not thinking about the Q. Four report yet, so we'll just have to

46
00:08:55.090 --> 00:09:09.870
Tracy Kuhrt: um, maybe reach out to them and see and see what the status is there. Uh! And then for next week the reports that we're looking to get, and I think these are the remainder of the reports for the year, or the basic Caliper and Firefly reports.

47
00:09:12.820 --> 00:09:19.200
Tracy Kuhrt: All right uh any any questions on any of the reports before we move on to the discussion items.

48
00:09:26.520 --> 00:09:33.759
Tracy Kuhrt: So for discussion today, I wanted to talk about the status updates for the task forces that we've kicked off

49
00:09:33.880 --> 00:09:49.539
Tracy Kuhrt: uh for this particular year, I I want to see kind of what we're waiting on. How do we close things out? Uh? Is there anything that can be done to to move us beyond where we're at. Uh to move these forward. Um,

50
00:09:49.610 --> 00:09:52.190
Tracy Kuhrt: you know I I

51
00:09:52.240 --> 00:09:59.010
Tracy Kuhrt: There was another task force that we had, which I ended up closing out um,

52
00:09:59.180 --> 00:10:00.580
Tracy Kuhrt: and because,

53
00:10:00.640 --> 00:10:18.749
Tracy Kuhrt: uh, what we decided was that it was really the the staff decision, as far as you know, what gets priority. And how do we present This, however, I do recall from that task force that one of the things that was we were waiting on was to see some mock ups for some of the

54
00:10:18.760 --> 00:10:22.590
Tracy Kuhrt: uh new web pages. And so um,

55
00:10:24.220 --> 00:10:42.360
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't see Mr. Boswell on the call today um to to give us an update on that. But I think that's one of the things that we are waiting for, just to to see how we link the different projects together on the website. Oh, you are on the call David. How did I miss you? Oh, you were at the top uh co-host?

56
00:10:42.420 --> 00:10:46.000
Tracy Kuhrt: Um, David, Do you have any updates? On that

57
00:10:46.380 --> 00:10:58.219
David Boswell: Yeah, quick update on that. Unfortunately, this gotten tied up with some web dev other. We webdv issues on the site. The plan was to launch it on the current site

58
00:10:58.350 --> 00:11:13.109
David Boswell: uh earlier this year in time for global forum. But then the Web Dev team decided that it would probably be best to wait. Um long story short, the there's gonna be a redesign of the site early next year where the site moves to a different pla hosting platform,

59
00:11:13.120 --> 00:11:25.269
David Boswell: and so the web dev team didn't ultimately decided It didn't make sense to code it once for wordpress, and then have to recode it just a few months later for a different platform. So their recommendation was to hold off and

60
00:11:25.700 --> 00:11:44.009
David Boswell: do that when we launch the new site, and sorry for not providing an update sooner, we've just been trying to sort out the exact timing and details on our end, and all that is not yet fully final on our end. But the Web dev team did decide. It did make the most sense not to go ahead and do it on wordpress. So um,

61
00:11:44.510 --> 00:11:52.650
David Boswell: we'll give you updates soon when we know more timing. But uh, it will be a little bit later than we had hoped in terms of getting it posted.

62
00:11:53.280 --> 00:11:55.679
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Thanks, David, for that

63
00:11:55.800 --> 00:12:14.950
Tracy Kuhrt: update. Um. So yeah, let's go through the the other task forces then, and see where they're at, and what can we do to get them close out or move them forward. Um! So the first one is the project Gaps task force. Uh, Daniel, I know we had done a lot of discussions about um.

64
00:12:14.960 --> 00:12:28.379
Tracy Kuhrt: You know what kind of projects we have, what kind of projects we don't have, what labs exist that might fill in some of the gaps uh where we at specifically with this task force. And what do we need to do to to move this forward?

65
00:12:28.590 --> 00:12:47.540
Danno Ferrin: So the uh, the goals was to produce a list of labs of a go in and possible holes, and on the page the recommendations um delivered on those back in August we kept it open over Hyper Ledger global form in case some of the chatter, if the global forum prompted us to add more uh

66
00:12:47.650 --> 00:12:58.860
Danno Ferrin: get trees or gaps, or whatever to the to the list, and and none of those surface, so you know, based on the objective set out when we form the task force it's delivered. It's it's product which was that recommendations Page:

67
00:12:59.240 --> 00:13:02.599
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, So we can then move this to the

68
00:13:02.750 --> 00:13:07.680
Tracy Kuhrt: uh prior task force list uh as far as what it has uh

69
00:13:08.010 --> 00:13:14.420
Tracy Kuhrt: where we're at with that. Um. So we can take that action to do that. Okay? Great Thanks, Dana.

70
00:13:14.930 --> 00:13:18.500
Tracy Kuhrt: Uh Jim. The project Health dashboard.

71
00:13:19.070 --> 00:13:32.059
Jim Zhang: Yeah. Thanks. Tracy. Um. So this one. I think we originally set this up to uh deliver um some automated uh content into each of the project reports. Um,

72
00:13:32.430 --> 00:13:44.499
Jim Zhang: uh! We achieved the the first step of identifying what needs to going there uh to reflect um accurately with data uh the the

73
00:13:44.770 --> 00:14:00.449
Jim Zhang: uh, the project house. Um, but we haven't achieved this uh the initial goal of doing automation. Um! It's mainly due to resource uh constraints. Um coding um

74
00:14:00.460 --> 00:14:15.899
Jim Zhang: coding wise and setting up infrastructure. Um But we did manage to give the the output to the Linux foundation inside team as input uh for their future enhancements. Um!

75
00:14:15.910 --> 00:14:31.730
Jim Zhang: So I I think we have the option of closing this off with the Reduce the scope, and just consider the um, the the output being just the report itself, and then we can always choose to act on that.

76
00:14:31.740 --> 00:14:36.079
Jim Zhang: Uh, in the future. Uh, when we do have resources available.

77
00:14:40.110 --> 00:14:45.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, Um, One of the things that I was thinking about with

78
00:14:45.220 --> 00:14:52.509
Tracy Kuhrt: this in another conversation that I had um was around, whether or not we wanted to

79
00:14:52.950 --> 00:14:55.190
Tracy Kuhrt: and have some sort of

80
00:14:56.070 --> 00:15:06.749
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah. So let's call it a spreadsheet for sake of ease. Um! That basically provides a list of things that we would expect from projects

81
00:15:06.830 --> 00:15:24.329
Tracy Kuhrt: uh things like um Maintainer as well. These are the easy things, right things like maintainer's, files, contributor files, things that talk about. How do you become a maintainer? Um, You know all of the basically good practices or best practices for um,

82
00:15:24.340 --> 00:15:36.159
Tracy Kuhrt: for being a successful kind of open source project. Uh, And then just the you know kind of a checkmark, yes or no next to it. I know right now. We're kind of doing that in the project reports.

83
00:15:36.240 --> 00:15:43.510
Tracy Kuhrt: Um! But i'm wondering if there's a a different way for us to do that and kind of have it all in one location. Um,

84
00:15:43.990 --> 00:16:03.940
Tracy Kuhrt: and basically something that we could maintain as we kind of go through uh and see these things getting completed or or finished. Uh, it's not quite the same, I I think, is what this dashboard uh was, and is intended to be within insights. But i'm wondering if it does help us in some way just to

85
00:16:03.950 --> 00:16:08.220
Tracy Kuhrt: to be able to understand kind of these these best practices, if you will.

86
00:16:09.200 --> 00:16:14.009
Jim Zhang: Yeah, yeah, I think the uh, the report uh that we ended up with

87
00:16:14.050 --> 00:16:32.240
Jim Zhang: can be easily turning to a express sheet format. And and I'd, i'd be happy to help with that. Uh, so we can have that sort of as a self, you either as a self evaluation or as a um set of format for projects to self self report on their health.

88
00:16:32.390 --> 00:16:39.920
Jim Zhang: Uh, uh, matrices. Yeah, I can. I can definitely help with that as sort of the last step to uh to wrap this up.

89
00:16:41.260 --> 00:16:52.629
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, that'd be great. Um: yeah. And I know. Uh, I think this is coming out of some of the conversations you and I had as well about some of the things that we'd like projects to be able to

90
00:16:52.840 --> 00:17:12.279
Tracy Kuhrt: to be able to, uh, have related to the documentation of how their projects are run. Um! And I think this: these are the two things that came together in my head to create kind of this spreadsheet of checkmarks of yes no um sorts of things. Um, maybe even pointers to where those things are.

91
00:17:12.290 --> 00:17:24.229
Tracy Kuhrt: Uh if you will, so that people can easily find uh where things are documented, because I don't feel like we're very consistent across our projects, and where we document some of these things. Um. Some of them have them

92
00:17:24.240 --> 00:17:33.009
Tracy Kuhrt: uh in maintainer as well. Some of them have them in contributors. Files right like there's There's just different places where things are captured, and I just want to make sure that we have a

93
00:17:33.100 --> 00:17:45.109
Tracy Kuhrt: um, you know. I uh one place kind of to go look and see how our projects are doing. And uh, maybe you know, a directory for people who are interested in getting involved in certain projects

94
00:17:46.820 --> 00:17:48.489
Hart Montgomery: totally agree. Tracy.

95
00:17:48.530 --> 00:17:50.750
Hart Montgomery: The thanks for bringing this up

96
00:17:53.770 --> 00:17:59.660
Tracy Kuhrt: all right uh anything else. Then on project health dashboards that we should. Um

97
00:17:59.800 --> 00:18:02.279
Tracy Kuhrt: that anybody has any commentary on

98
00:18:04.060 --> 00:18:05.920
David Enyeart: Um, hi! It's.

99
00:18:05.950 --> 00:18:23.199
David Enyeart: I agree with your points about consolidating that information. And there's also a few of the questions that are in each of the projects reports that they have been there for, like most of the year, and people just copy paste. I think so. It'd be good if those things got moved to the common spreadsheet or the common page, or whatever we do it.

100
00:18:23.340 --> 00:18:31.330
David Enyeart: And then the project reports, maybe just link to that. And you can say, do you have any updates on the common page? That type of thing.

101
00:18:32.240 --> 00:18:50.499
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I think that's a a really good idea game. I I saw similar sorts of. I was thinking similar sorts of things when I was looking at some of the newest reports that came in. It's like that. Looks very similar to what I saw last that they reported right. Um. So yeah, I agree with the copy paste, and how that might just uh,

102
00:18:50.550 --> 00:18:55.039
Tracy Kuhrt: you know, some of the stuff is is just not needed there in the project reports anymore

103
00:18:57.310 --> 00:18:59.270
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, Anything else that

104
00:19:00.910 --> 00:19:02.639
Tracy Kuhrt: on this particular topic,

105
00:19:07.640 --> 00:19:13.379
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. Uh: So then, the last task force that we have is the security task force.

106
00:19:13.570 --> 00:19:22.489
Tracy Kuhrt: Um. So arun I know you've been hosting some meetings. Uh I wanted to see if we could get an update from you on what the status is, and uh,

107
00:19:22.560 --> 00:19:28.430
Tracy Kuhrt: um! What kind of steps we are taking or need to still take? They get this one closed out.

108
00:19:29.070 --> 00:19:32.170
Arun S M: So Tracy um, hey, everyone!

109
00:19:32.190 --> 00:19:50.460
Arun S M: So um in terms of update. Uh, we still stand at the same place as what was updated in the previous States to to Uscom, which is where um we have certain action items that were supposed to be um written down. For instance, in our initial proposal we had the easy targets achieved,

110
00:19:50.470 --> 00:20:03.500
Arun S M: but after that um taking the feedback from the two, we went back, and then we defined the other proposals, and out of those proposals um like the After multiple discussions we realized that

111
00:20:03.660 --> 00:20:18.839
Arun S M: some of the open Ssl recommendations, or to be proposed, or here in Hyper Ledger for um to to for immediate implementation. I apologize because I haven't been able to follow since the global Forum event. Um,

112
00:20:19.170 --> 00:20:29.920
Arun S M: but yes, um! The The task force itself has um completed for now the tasks that were to be done, however. Um, the

113
00:20:29.930 --> 00:20:46.359
Arun S M: the The one of the proposal that we had as part of the task. Force itself is security is not one time activity which we should be reviewed. And then, once we put up these ten or fifteen items that it's done, but rather it should be continuously evaluated as Well,

114
00:20:46.370 --> 00:21:03.179
Arun S M: so. Um! That is an open item which I still see. Um that we end up discussing. For instance, in the previous call as well are not brought up uh uh a tool that we should be leveraging in our build process uh this night. Tool reports right.

115
00:21:03.570 --> 00:21:14.370
Arun S M: Um! So that's where we stand right now, and currently the task force meetings have been cancelled the Tuesday meetings. I guess there was a conflict, and then

116
00:21:27.180 --> 00:21:43.060
Arun S M: Um! So there is sorry on this slide tools that are not productive. I was not so not also aware of that. But um Linux foundation has already provided that in the in the Uh dashboards that are available for all the projects.

117
00:21:43.350 --> 00:22:03.219
Arun S M: Um! The The discussion that we had in the previous task force meeting was to um go through that, and then uh recommend how the project teams can start using that. I We already saw some of the project teams. I've been taking measures to mitigate some of those risk reported by the tool.

118
00:22:03.230 --> 00:22:10.840
Arun S M: I'm not sure if those reports were shared through this tool or through some other needs, that the tool has captured uh those status as well.

119
00:22:17.640 --> 00:22:19.389
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, I know.

120
00:22:22.140 --> 00:22:35.890
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Yes. So you know I I I I claim responsibility for having started this, so I still feel like we have a lot to do in that space. And I mean I. You know

121
00:22:35.900 --> 00:22:54.989
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I I don't think you have to apologize. We all get busy at times, and That's okay. I mean, you know, I thank you for trying to be this, anyway. But you know It's I. We started this uh that was based on my report that the open Ssf. Had uh produced uh

122
00:22:55.000 --> 00:23:11.140
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): the guide, for on the you know, for open source project, and how to handle uh the disclosures. And then, you know, i'm very much involved in openness to these days, and I can tell you that the least of tools and and and recommendations

123
00:23:11.150 --> 00:23:21.289
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): keep increasing all the time, and I think in general, you know, especially given the space we're in with blockchain, which is pretty secretly sensitive.

124
00:23:21.300 --> 00:23:49.719
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): I mean all those recommendations are true for any open source project. But you know, I, as I was saying, just just if anybody should care, it should be us, because in a blockchain space. We care about security, and maybe more than anybody else. And so I think we. There's a lot to learn from the recommendations that you know. Um. Our room was referring to some of the tools that are being, you know, pointed to. There are some that are actually

125
00:23:49.730 --> 00:24:19.099
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): a demo by open S itself that help you know. Track uh the packages, for instance, that you're using in your in your software, and it will alert you automatically if there's a that has been disclosed in one of the founding. One of the packages you depend on. There's Github actually is also starting to provide some of those tools. But then let me see, turned on by default, and sometimes just a matter of going change the the

126
00:24:19.110 --> 00:24:48.290
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): you know your github uh settings to get to use those new features, and and the other part is, you know, uh a lot of this has to do with, uh providing a to stations. But you know, ensuring the provenance of the tools. And so again, oh, the software we're developing so that people can use them, knowing that they are actually using the genuine version and and stuff like this. So there's a whole array of things

127
00:24:48.300 --> 00:25:07.189
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): that need to be done that you know, as we say nowadays, it's like to improve the sixty posture of a projects. And so I think this: you know, this task force is still very much needed. We have to come up with, You know. I see this as a way to try to,

128
00:25:07.500 --> 00:25:27.309
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): you know. Go through all these different options that are being brought up, and recommendations, and try to figure out what it means for us, I for hedger, and so that we can then turn around, you know, and tell our community our different projects. Okay, these are guidelines that we really want you to follow

129
00:25:30.780 --> 00:25:32.350
Tracy Kuhrt: alright makes sense

130
00:25:32.800 --> 00:25:33.720
Tracy Kuhrt: part.

131
00:25:35.580 --> 00:25:39.819
Hart Montgomery: I agree with Arno. I think we have. You know we have a lot of stuff to do

132
00:25:39.980 --> 00:25:41.450
Hart Montgomery: this.

133
00:25:42.890 --> 00:26:01.739
Hart Montgomery: I I you know. I expect this will be a fairly long term effort. Uh, but in the the near future. You know we'd like to get uh. You know more precise bug value programs rolled out uh, and we'd also like to, you know, formalize a security audit process

134
00:26:01.790 --> 00:26:05.650
Hart Montgomery: as well as you know, trying to.

135
00:26:06.080 --> 00:26:11.750
Hart Montgomery: I don't know if standardizes the right word, but trying to help formalize. Cv:

136
00:26:12.420 --> 00:26:16.589
Hart Montgomery: I guess, even if we can't mandate them Cv best practices.

137
00:26:17.740 --> 00:26:21.919
Hart Montgomery: So I totally just want to briefly agree with what Arnold said.

138
00:26:24.220 --> 00:26:37.519
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, So it sounds to me if i'm hearing correctly that we've still got some work to do, and it's going to be around documenting guidelines and best practices for uh security

139
00:26:38.030 --> 00:26:39.270
Tracy Kuhrt: um

140
00:26:39.500 --> 00:26:45.990
Tracy Kuhrt: to potentially implementing some programs within the Hyper Ledger foundation as a whole

141
00:26:46.060 --> 00:26:48.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Is there? Um

142
00:26:49.380 --> 00:26:56.169
Tracy Kuhrt: with the with the first part uh how much of what's being done in open ssf.

143
00:26:56.670 --> 00:27:00.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Is applicable to that? Or

144
00:27:00.620 --> 00:27:05.240
Tracy Kuhrt: are we creating separate from open Ss.

145
00:27:05.590 --> 00:27:14.679
Tracy Kuhrt: Uh. I'm. Trying to figure out what the what the relationship is between hyper, ledger foundation and open Ssf: And in this kind of task force

146
00:27:14.930 --> 00:27:25.789
Hart Montgomery: absolutely. Yeah, I mean, we're we're trying to get people to adopt the best open Ssf: practices right right now we don't have any formal policy say on Cd disclosure right?

147
00:27:26.230 --> 00:27:30.169
Hart Montgomery: Uh. And we when we talked about that last time earlier this year,

148
00:27:30.310 --> 00:27:37.369
Hart Montgomery: you know people were hesitant to follow the open Ssf best practices and

149
00:27:39.230 --> 00:27:40.240
um

150
00:27:42.790 --> 00:27:56.470
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): so but so I agree I mean it's not about creating our own policies per se or our own guidance. It's really, you know, deciding which ones we want to adopt,

151
00:27:56.480 --> 00:28:04.699
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): and and and and what tools we want to leverage, and so that we can recommend that to the projects in I've made.

152
00:28:08.330 --> 00:28:17.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, that makes sense. Um. So then, I guess we keep the the security task force open uh for now. Uh, as we

153
00:28:17.930 --> 00:28:27.439
Tracy Kuhrt: determine what those open Ss best practices are that we want to adopt, and what the tools are that we want to to recommend uh to our different projects.

154
00:28:51.590 --> 00:29:07.220
Tracy Kuhrt: I'll take that as a no um. So if we go back to the agenda uh we do have some sections at the bottom of the agenda about uh new project proposals, and then um kind of our backlog of issues.

155
00:29:07.230 --> 00:29:27.100
Tracy Kuhrt: So, Shawn, if you wouldn't mind going back to the agenda. Uh. So we've got the hlf operator hip that's been proposed. Uh, I I will let you know that there are conversations that are on going between uh the submitter of this proposal and the bevel community. Um!

156
00:29:27.230 --> 00:29:38.830
Tracy Kuhrt: The results of those are yet to be determined. Um, But I I want to leave this open until some sort of um

157
00:29:39.670 --> 00:29:46.089
Tracy Kuhrt: decision is made as to whether or not it makes sense to bring this into the devil operators, or

158
00:29:46.100 --> 00:30:00.409
Tracy Kuhrt: uh what direction this is going to take um. So, for for now this is going to to remain open hopefully. We can uh continue to report back on those discussions and how they're proceeding uh

159
00:30:00.590 --> 00:30:03.330
Tracy Kuhrt: for additional um

160
00:30:04.480 --> 00:30:15.050
Tracy Kuhrt: for additional meetings that we might have uh and then for the backlog items, we do have this one open issue, which is, uh what spawn the security task force?

161
00:30:15.070 --> 00:30:19.520
Tracy Kuhrt: Um, which is to update the security process for hyper ledger,

162
00:30:19.550 --> 00:30:20.820
Tracy Kuhrt: I

163
00:30:21.120 --> 00:30:22.410
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm.

164
00:30:23.060 --> 00:30:35.800
Tracy Kuhrt: I'm not sure what to do here, since we kind of have two threads, one which is this issue, and one which is the task force. Do we leave the issue open until the task force is completed. Uh, or do we close this with the

165
00:30:35.810 --> 00:30:48.810
Tracy Kuhrt: we created the task force to handle it? I i'm, i'm. Looking for some sort of direction or thoughts on kind of this backlog item, happy to keep it open, but also I don't want to leave it there if it's just uh creating noise

166
00:30:49.550 --> 00:30:51.719
Tracy Kuhrt: any thoughts that anybody has here

167
00:30:54.540 --> 00:30:55.400
Tracy Kuhrt: or

168
00:30:55.790 --> 00:31:06.519
Hart Montgomery: hey? Tracy. Yeah. I mean, I think part of the task force mandate is to to suggest updates to this? Um. So I think it's fine if we roll it into the task force.

169
00:31:08.110 --> 00:31:08.980
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay,

170
00:31:12.410 --> 00:31:13.960
Tracy Kuhrt: any

171
00:31:14.250 --> 00:31:16.240
Tracy Kuhrt: objections to that

172
00:31:24.770 --> 00:31:34.309
Arun S M: right? Not enough objection itself. But um, I I don't know how to put it better. But uh the project team who proposed here

173
00:31:34.330 --> 00:31:40.700
Arun S M: they did reach out on a chart, and they were asking for comments as well. They were asking me to review, and then

174
00:31:40.920 --> 00:31:44.699
Arun S M: um make some comments and get involved. Um,

175
00:31:45.060 --> 00:31:45.920
Arun S M: so

176
00:31:45.970 --> 00:31:47.680
Arun S M: I know, like there are

177
00:31:47.860 --> 00:31:52.279
Arun S M: personally like. When I looked into some of the available labs. There was,

178
00:31:52.370 --> 00:32:01.360
Arun S M: I guess there is one more operator project, or maybe two more operator, and within ip ledger, already incubated projects. We do have one

179
00:32:01.710 --> 00:32:05.120
Arun S M: um project that does make use of operator concept,

180
00:32:05.810 --> 00:32:08.279
and then there is payable. So um

181
00:32:10.460 --> 00:32:14.439
Arun S M: um I mean we are already in our face where

182
00:32:15.610 --> 00:32:21.429
Arun S M: there are. Um. So would my my question, like what I am trying to get towards is,

183
00:32:21.890 --> 00:32:27.849
Arun S M: would fabric team be willing to um participate in these discussions, because

184
00:32:27.930 --> 00:32:35.810
Arun S M: most of these are kind of time to fabric as well. At least that's where the confusions and the questions are arising

185
00:32:46.680 --> 00:32:49.770
Arun S M: public team involved, and

186
00:32:50.130 --> 00:32:52.290
Arun S M: I mean, help us understand

187
00:32:52.460 --> 00:33:01.930
Arun S M: what the direction that team is taking from the fabric side versus which of these tool is more ready for that adoption and future changes.

188
00:33:02.070 --> 00:33:03.550
Arun S M: And um,

189
00:33:03.740 --> 00:33:15.409
Arun S M: I know unifying may not be straightforward because of the complexity that I already mentioned. I will support multiple other platforms, and most of the others are like operators on the for fabric,

190
00:33:15.710 --> 00:33:18.759
Arun S M: but at least the guidance from fabric team would be helpful.

191
00:33:20.980 --> 00:33:27.640
David Enyeart: Hi, this is Dave. Yeah, I can help we, and or get somebody from the the fabric team to help with this.

192
00:33:29.990 --> 00:33:38.720
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. Thanks, Jane. Um. So make sure to to include you in some of the conversations that are ongoing um that we have

193
00:33:41.030 --> 00:33:45.550
Tracy Kuhrt: uh, and when you jump this back in the um

194
00:33:45.600 --> 00:33:59.979
Tracy Kuhrt: conversation I was uh we were actually talking about closing out the the security um press, updating and security process and the backlog items. Um, So I was asking if anybody had any objections to closing that one

195
00:34:00.040 --> 00:34:12.630
Tracy Kuhrt: um so happy to take us back there. But our own uh point taken on the operator and I will make sure that we're including other folks in those conversations.

196
00:34:14.000 --> 00:34:21.880
Arun S M: And this is a topic that I'm personally interested in as well. I'm: invested in as well. So now I want to get involved.

197
00:34:24.380 --> 00:34:25.219
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay,

198
00:34:29.130 --> 00:34:41.000
Tracy Kuhrt: so related to the going back to the backlog item. Then. Um, Any Any objections to us closing this out as being included in the task force the Security task force.

199
00:34:44.510 --> 00:34:54.120
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): Well, so it It's really a matter of you know, kind of accounting how you want to do Deal with it. I mean as long as you have the task force. I guess

200
00:34:54.130 --> 00:35:13.609
Arnaud J Le Hors ("Arno"): it's okay to close it, so we will not get to the side of it. But to me. It's. This is kind of like the issue, and the task force is the way we are going to come up with. The answer that will allow us to close this. That's the way I thought about that. But I have no problem closing it.

201
00:35:14.350 --> 00:35:26.009
Tracy Kuhrt: Yeah, I don't know. I I see where you're at, right like we shouldn't actually close the issue until it's been uh resolved. Yeah, makes sense.

202
00:35:33.550 --> 00:35:42.419
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright. So the the scale is now balanced in my mind. I don't have a preference for you the way we've heard. What for closing one for leaving it open.

203
00:35:42.430 --> 00:35:55.459
Tracy Kuhrt: Um, any other people have any thoughts on this? Um, otherwise. I think I will lean towards leaving it open, because, uh, that the the scale is slightly towards that one.

204
00:35:57.650 --> 00:36:04.330
David Enyeart: I would also tip the scale to leaving it open. I think it's good to have a reminder that this is what we need to come back to from the task Force

205
00:36:13.280 --> 00:36:29.060
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, Somebody put their thumbs up. I don't know who that was. So, Peter, you did. Okay, Um. So we'll leave it open then, for now uh so that's the we went through the entire agenda. Any other topics that we should be discussing. Uh as we

206
00:36:29.580 --> 00:36:32.310
Tracy Kuhrt: uh finish today's meeting a room.

207
00:36:33.760 --> 00:36:41.759
Arun S M: Yes, um. So this topic came fresh in, because I I got to attend one of the event in blockchain related event and and

208
00:36:41.790 --> 00:36:44.089
Arun S M: Bangalore today. And um!

209
00:36:44.690 --> 00:36:50.329
Arun S M: I would like to see something like that within hyper ledger ecosystem as well. And

210
00:36:50.350 --> 00:36:53.580
Arun S M: what fascinates me over there is in terms of

211
00:36:53.860 --> 00:37:05.599
Arun S M: uh, the the developer relationships in in making onboarding uh uh develop for ecosystem, making the experience much smaller. I know this has been brought up in the past.

212
00:37:10.380 --> 00:37:25.030
Arun S M: If there are opportunities for us to um open up and in on multiple ways. I think we should start looking for partnerships or engagements in that aspect. And um, this could be from multiple angles, for instance.

213
00:37:31.470 --> 00:37:39.510
Arun S M: Um, they a certain age group which would much closer, which would be much closer to uh universities. Right? So they would be looking for

214
00:37:39.970 --> 00:37:49.779
Arun S M: um. A quick contributions are a kind of project involvement that they would personally want to be involved in. And i'm not again talking about the mentorship program, but rather

215
00:37:49.860 --> 00:37:56.009
Arun S M: those who are highly motivated, and the enthusiast would go and explore on their own, and willing to contribute,

216
00:37:56.140 --> 00:37:58.100
Arun S M: but at their own face.

217
00:37:58.280 --> 00:38:05.689
Arun S M: Um. So this particular community group is especially uh large, and

218
00:38:05.760 --> 00:38:20.849
Arun S M: once they let's say, get gained that experience, they will carry that forward to for those um uh people from their reach. And this has been a success story for for at least other groups. And

219
00:38:21.760 --> 00:38:28.609
Arun S M: I I mean, if there are open opportunities for us to propose some things, and like engage in any way

220
00:38:28.690 --> 00:38:30.600
Arun S M: happy to do that. Um,

221
00:38:31.040 --> 00:38:32.040
Arun S M: that's all.

222
00:38:38.710 --> 00:38:44.229
Tracy Kuhrt: Um! So i'm not quite sure that i'm understanding what you're suggesting. Um,

223
00:38:44.610 --> 00:38:53.489
Arun S M: so i'll, I'll probably put it in a much other that way. Right? So um engaging university students, especially when they are

224
00:38:53.550 --> 00:39:08.559
Arun S M: towards their towards end of their courses, or people who are looking out for a real word experience for people who are looking out for open source contributions, and they are highly motivated. They are the um, like the developers uh group who are,

225
00:39:08.720 --> 00:39:19.459
Arun S M: or willing to learn on their own. Now the investment from our side would be in terms of making sure we have right materials available for them, right um trainings available,

226
00:39:19.520 --> 00:39:30.459
Arun S M: and this may also require, for instance, Hyper Ledger foundation to be engaged with certain universities and and prepare course materials if needed, probably engage in and creating workshops.

227
00:39:31.050 --> 00:39:32.089
Arun S M: Um,

228
00:39:32.820 --> 00:39:37.129
Arun S M: right? So um! This is what I was trying to

229
00:39:37.210 --> 00:39:38.439
Arun S M: out towards

230
00:39:38.500 --> 00:39:41.319
Arun S M: engaging universities, to

231
00:39:41.570 --> 00:39:43.140
Arun S M: really beneficial

232
00:39:43.510 --> 00:39:47.329
Arun S M: for a community growth perspective, and also in terms of adoption.

233
00:39:50.300 --> 00:39:59.089
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, i'm gonna let a heart comment. I I think there's already some things that are ongoing. But i'll i'll see if heart mentions those or not.

234
00:39:59.170 --> 00:40:02.080
Hart Montgomery: Oh, absolutely

235
00:40:02.120 --> 00:40:20.079
Hart Montgomery: so. Yeah. So ruin. We definitely have university uh student engagement as a goal. Um, you know, there's only so much we can do. Obviously, like putting together a a full university course is difficult, particularly, you know, like a real

236
00:40:20.620 --> 00:40:30.829
Hart Montgomery: uh thing we have been. We have been working on this, though, and if you have suggestions we'd love to hear from you.

237
00:40:31.130 --> 00:40:36.350
Hart Montgomery: So you know, just just reach out. If you think

238
00:40:36.370 --> 00:40:38.440
Hart Montgomery: that there's something we can do,

239
00:40:38.460 --> 00:40:42.409
Hart Montgomery: you know, in the same vague we are going to try to,

240
00:40:43.300 --> 00:40:50.890
Hart Montgomery: I I guess revamp isn't the right word. But we're going to try to, You know, Update the mentorship program as well

241
00:40:50.920 --> 00:40:54.479
Hart Montgomery: to help

242
00:40:54.940 --> 00:41:00.090
Hart Montgomery: handle more university students and more university interns as Well, the

243
00:41:00.190 --> 00:41:01.339
um.

244
00:41:01.570 --> 00:41:10.299
Hart Montgomery: So yeah, we'd love to hear from you on. If you don't mind writing this up in some kind of

245
00:41:11.190 --> 00:41:15.799
Hart Montgomery: email or something, and then just mailing to us. That would be fantastic,

246
00:41:16.010 --> 00:41:20.400
Hart Montgomery: because we're always looking for feedback and opportunities on this kind of thing.

247
00:41:26.010 --> 00:41:41.219
Tracy Kuhrt: One thing that I uh know was happening is some work with more in State University Um, for some of the kind of conversations about what it is that we're doing in Hyper Ledger, and That was the one example that I was going to bring up.

248
00:41:41.260 --> 00:41:53.899
Hart Montgomery: Um! I don't know if you had a comment on that sorry Tracy. Our Contact person at Morgan State left. So that's currently on hold. But that is definitely something we are trying to continue.

249
00:41:54.900 --> 00:41:55.750
Okay,

250
00:41:56.060 --> 00:41:58.419
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks for, uh.

251
00:41:59.720 --> 00:42:06.210
Kamlesh Nagware: So I think they've seen her like what I really is mentioning and saying, I think I can relate it because

252
00:42:06.600 --> 00:42:10.280
Kamlesh Nagware: I can also keep in the universities in India.

253
00:42:10.400 --> 00:42:13.289
Kamlesh Nagware: Is it because it is a even partner. But

254
00:42:13.690 --> 00:42:21.229
Kamlesh Nagware: uh, everybody, everybody understand. The public blockchain is uh ecosystem, like Polygon and other is to. But when,

255
00:42:26.020 --> 00:42:28.180
Kamlesh Nagware: even like it's still uh

256
00:42:28.230 --> 00:42:40.169
Kamlesh Nagware: the education and awareness is missing. So maybe for that one like what I own is also saying like how we can create and uh talk about the hybrid ecosystem in uh.

257
00:42:40.580 --> 00:42:50.989
Kamlesh Nagware: So i'm going to develop the ecosystem going to be events. So because, like all this public blockchain communities out there and talking about and building some type of ecosystem, but in hyper it restrict you

258
00:42:51.440 --> 00:42:58.909
Kamlesh Nagware: uh It's a hyperlinking system goes to the different event, but in the different aspect, and i'm talking about the ipad as well.

259
00:42:59.010 --> 00:43:13.359
Kamlesh Nagware: Hybrid ecosystem, and uh, how you build a business perspective, but involving the developer ecosystem part, I think, could be focused in not just universities, but in general, you know, to the developer ecosystem

260
00:43:16.570 --> 00:43:19.279
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, it's Cambridge, Bobby.

261
00:43:19.980 --> 00:43:27.939
Bobbi Muscara: Hi, everybody. Um, yeah. I just wanted to supply that in the learning materials. Working group in the New Year is working with David to um

262
00:43:27.960 --> 00:43:30.450
Bobbi Muscara: change up in onboarding

263
00:43:30.590 --> 00:43:49.709
Bobbi Muscara: site or onboarding mechanism, so that when people do inquire. There are the there is the information that they're requesting really easy for them to find, and then possibly um. We were talking in the group about running classes based on um just what Hyper ledger does um

264
00:43:49.720 --> 00:43:54.999
Bobbi Muscara: during our meetings like monthly, so that people who are interested will get the information.

265
00:43:58.220 --> 00:43:59.750
Tracy Kuhrt: That sounds great, Bobby.

266
00:44:02.360 --> 00:44:04.640
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other comments on this topic

267
00:44:13.450 --> 00:44:19.160
Tracy Kuhrt: alright, uh any other topics, then, that we should talk about before we close out today's meeting.

268
00:44:20.910 --> 00:44:21.790
Tracy Kuhrt: What

269
00:44:22.320 --> 00:44:25.390
Hart Montgomery: awesome, I will briefly say that the

270
00:44:25.430 --> 00:44:36.080
Hart Montgomery: you know, just in in this same vein of soliciting feedback we are looking to put together our events strategy for next year.

271
00:44:36.170 --> 00:44:50.849
Hart Montgomery: Uh so if you all fake that, you know there's an event that might not be on our radar that we should attend or have a presence at, or try to speak at, or do something. Uh please, please reach out and let us know.

272
00:44:54.880 --> 00:44:58.160
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, Thank you.

273
00:45:01.270 --> 00:45:03.439
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other topics,

274
00:45:11.250 --> 00:45:20.359
Tracy Kuhrt: all right. Sounds like there's none. Uh. So with that we will close out today's meeting. Thank you all for your participation, and we will see you again soon.

275
00:45:22.020 --> 00:45:24.370
Jim Zhang: Thanks are protein. See you guys.

