WEBVTT

00:01:04.000 --> 00:01:17.000
Alright. I think we have 11 if I count correctly. So I'm gonna go ahead and kick off the recording and get us started

00:01:17.000 --> 00:01:36.000
Alright! Welcome everybody to the December first hyper ledger Technical Oversight Committee call as you are all aware, you've been on this call before 2 things that we must abide by the first is the antitrust policy notice that is currently displayed on the screen

00:01:36.000 --> 00:01:55.000
And this second is our code of conduct, which is like in the agenda, so as far as announcements go today we have the standard announcement of the dev Weekly developer newsletter that goes out each Friday if you have something that you want to include in that Newsletter

00:01:55.000 --> 00:02:08.000
Please leave a comment on the Wiki page that is linked in the agenda. Any other announcement that anybody has or would like to make

00:02:08.000 --> 00:02:10.000
Yeah Angela.

00:02:10.000 --> 00:02:15.000
And so this this thing will not be of interest for money, but I just wanted to take the chance, because I I I will run again for wrong for the the the Tooc.

00:02:15.000 --> 00:02:25.000
I just want to take the chance. You know you never know to to say thank you to everybody.

00:02:25.000 --> 00:02:33.000
I really enjoyed all the discussion. I learned a lot also from the interactions that we had in the past in the past years.

00:02:33.000 --> 00:02:37.000
So a really big thing to to everybody for this opportunity.

00:02:37.000 --> 00:02:41.000
And for this great experience thanks a lot

00:02:41.000 --> 00:02:46.000
Alright. Thanks, Angela, and yes, thanks for being on the Tsc.

00:02:46.000 --> 00:02:57.000
For the last year it's been it's really good to have a voice that is curious and interested about what's happening in the technical space.

00:02:57.000 --> 00:03:10.000
So thank you for it back. Any other other announcements that anybody would like to make

00:03:10.000 --> 00:03:14.000
Alright. So speaking of the upcoming Tsc.

00:03:14.000 --> 00:03:29.000
In the election. The election did close yesterday. I saw that we had 77 votes that came in about 39% of the people who were eligible did vote for the the Technical oversight Committee.

00:03:29.000 --> 00:03:52.000
So it's somewhat this pointing that we move to Maintainer's only people, we thought would be interested in voting for the upcoming technical oversight committee folks to not see a larger number there but maybe we'll have to do some

00:03:52.000 --> 00:03:59.000
Some conversations with some of the people who didn't vote to see why they didn't vote in what we could do differently in the future.

00:03:59.000 --> 00:04:23.000
We do not have the results yet, because the next step is that the governing board, as you recall, has to elect 5 people, 5 additional people to the list of technical oversight committee, members, and so that will be starting here shortly I know the staff is working on getting the

00:04:23.000 --> 00:04:46.000
Information gathered from what what the results were, and also putting together some information on the individuals that that we have, as far as diversity and and things like that so probably mid December is when we'll see the results coming back in for the next year's technical oversight

00:04:46.000 --> 00:04:50.000
Committee and we'll get that out there as soon as it's available.

00:04:50.000 --> 00:04:57.000
After that, as you are probably all aware, the next steps would be to elect the Toc.

00:04:57.000 --> 00:05:01.000
Chair and vice chair or no

00:05:01.000 --> 00:05:08.000
Yes, hi, everybody. Thank you, Tracy. No, I just wanted to comment on the election process.

00:05:08.000 --> 00:05:10.000
I think you know, keeping the ball numbers of vote. I think we didn't have to wait a month.

00:05:10.000 --> 00:05:21.000
I don't know when people actually voted if we had said, Okay, you have 2 weeks to vote it doesn't feel like we would have lost about.

00:05:21.000 --> 00:05:31.000
I don't know that for a fact, obviously, but especially given the the additional stage of having to go to governing board.

00:05:31.000 --> 00:05:42.000
I think you know 2 week period to vote. To cast the votes probably was good enough, but we might want to think about that in future.

00:05:42.000 --> 00:05:47.000
Alright. Thanks, so no, I will tell you that probably a third of the people vote it this week.

00:05:47.000 --> 00:05:56.000
A third of the people who actually vote it. I think it went from 50 to 77 and this week, so I don't know if that's just because we pushed people E exactly.

00:05:56.000 --> 00:06:00.000
Yeah. But that's because yeah, I exactly

00:06:00.000 --> 00:06:02.000
Right. So you know we push people to vote because it was ending or

00:06:02.000 --> 00:06:09.000
People just procrastinate until the last moment. Good. Yeah.

00:06:09.000 --> 00:06:10.000
Okay. Point. Take care.

00:06:10.000 --> 00:06:14.000
So yeah, I completely hear you, though or no. Yes, and your port is taken as well.

00:06:14.000 --> 00:06:29.000
So thank you for that. Alright. Any other comments on just the the Technical Oversight Committee election, or any other other announcements that people have

00:06:29.000 --> 00:06:31.000
Hello!

00:06:31.000 --> 00:06:32.000
Hey, Tracy! So I know, like previously, we referring from doing it.

00:06:32.000 --> 00:06:42.000
But since this time the election was focused only to maintain us can be this time.

00:06:42.000 --> 00:06:49.000
Do some I mean the analytics is visible to us, and who has what it was not content?

00:06:49.000 --> 00:06:56.000
Can we try to get free pan from them the maintenance will not participate

00:06:56.000 --> 00:07:06.000
Yeah, I think that's a really good idea. Everyone I think this is reaching out and seeing if we can get a summary of why they didn't vote you know I don't.

00:07:06.000 --> 00:07:13.000
Know what those choices might look like if we were to do a choice sort of thing, or if it's just a open ended question, tell us why?

00:07:13.000 --> 00:07:29.000
Why you didn't vote, but I do think it's worthwhile to to see and understand right well what what the reasoning is for that

00:07:29.000 --> 00:07:41.000
Alright any other comments or announcements

00:07:41.000 --> 00:07:59.000
Not seeing any we did. We haven't met for about a month and so we have a number of correlate reports that did come in in the past, month and as I was going through them this morning I didn't see any open or outstanding questions about any of those reports it looks like all the questions

00:07:59.000 --> 00:08:07.000
That were asked were answered, or any comments that were made were updated in the the actual report.

00:08:07.000 --> 00:08:24.000
But did anybody have any questions or anything that we should talk to the the communities about related to their quarterly reports?

00:08:24.000 --> 00:08:31.000
Okay, I will take that as a resulting. No. The upcoming reports.

00:08:31.000 --> 00:08:37.000
We did get the cello report. They came in already this week, so that one's available.

00:08:37.000 --> 00:08:45.000
The Ursa report. It's probably worthwhile to have a conversation with the the Ersa team.

00:08:45.000 --> 00:08:55.000
I know they just gave us their report not too long ago, and so it may be that they're not thinking about the report yet.

00:08:55.000 --> 00:09:00.000
So we'll just have to maybe reach out to them and see and see what the status is.

00:09:00.000 --> 00:09:14.000
There and then for next week. The reports that we're looking to get, and I think these are the remaining the reports for the year or the base in caliber and Firefly reports

00:09:14.000 --> 00:09:27.000
Alright any any questions on any of the reports before we move on to the discussion either

00:09:27.000 --> 00:09:35.000
So for discussion. Today I wanted to talk about the status updates for the task forces that we've kicked off for this particular year.

00:09:35.000 --> 00:09:41.000
I I wanna see you know what we're waiting on.

00:09:41.000 --> 00:09:46.000
How do we close these out? Is there anything that can be done to to move us beyond where we're at?

00:09:46.000 --> 00:10:02.000
To move these forward. You know I I there was another task force that we had, which I ended up closing out, and because what we decided was that it was really the the staff.

00:10:02.000 --> 00:10:16.000
Decision. As far as you know, what gets priority, and how do we present this, however, I do recall from that task force that one of the things that was we were waiting.

00:10:16.000 --> 00:10:25.000
On was to see some mockups for some of the new web pages, and so

00:10:25.000 --> 00:10:26.000
I don't see Mr. Boswell on the call today.

00:10:26.000 --> 00:10:39.000
To to give us an update on that. But I think that's one of the things that we are waiting for just to to see how we link the different projects together on the website.

00:10:39.000 --> 00:10:43.000
Oh, you are on the call. David, how did I miss you?

00:10:43.000 --> 00:10:44.000
Yeah.

00:10:44.000 --> 00:10:47.000
Oh, you were at the top co-host, David, do you have any updates on that

00:10:47.000 --> 00:10:55.000
Yeah, quick update on that. Unfortunately, this gotten tied up with some web dev other web dev issues on the site.

00:10:55.000 --> 00:11:02.000
The plan was to launch it on the current site earlier this year in time for global forum.

00:11:02.000 --> 00:11:18.000
But then the web Dev team decided that it would probably be best to wait long story short, the there's gonna be a redesign of the site early next year, where the site moves to a different plot hosting platform and so the web dev team didn't ultimately decided it didn't make sense to code it once

00:11:18.000 --> 00:11:23.000
For wordpress, and then have to recode it just a few months later for a different platform.

00:11:23.000 --> 00:11:41.000
So their recommendation was the hold off and do that when we launch the new site and sorry for not providing an update sooner, we've just been trying to sort out the exact timing and details, on our end and all that is not yet fully final on our end but the web dev team did decide it did make the most sense

00:11:41.000 --> 00:11:49.000
not to go ahead and do it on Wordpress, so we'll give you updates soon when we know more of timing.

00:11:49.000 --> 00:11:54.000
But we'll be a little bit later than we had hoped in terms of getting it posted

00:11:54.000 --> 00:12:03.000
Alright. Thanks, David, for that update. So yeah, let's go through the the other task forces then, and see where they're at.

00:12:03.000 --> 00:12:07.000
And what can we do to get them closed out or move them forward.

00:12:07.000 --> 00:12:12.000
So the first one is the project gaps task force, Dano.

00:12:12.000 --> 00:12:29.000
I know we had done a lot of discussions about you know what kind of projects we have, what kind of projects we don't have, what labs exist that might fill in some of the gaps where we at specifically, with this task force and what do we need to do to to move this forward

00:12:29.000 --> 00:12:47.000
So the the goals was to produce a list of labs of a go in and possible holes, and on the page the recommendations delivered on those back in August we kept it open over hyper Ledger global form in case some of the chatter at the global form prompted

00:12:47.000 --> 00:12:56.000
us to add more, get trees or gaps, or whatever to the to the list, and and none of those surface so you know, based on the objective set out when we form the task force.

00:12:56.000 --> 00:13:00.000
It's delivered. It's this product which was that recommendations page

00:13:00.000 --> 00:13:09.000
Okay. So we can then move this to the prior task force list.

00:13:09.000 --> 00:13:10.000
Correct.

00:13:10.000 --> 00:13:13.000
As far as what it has, where we're at with that, so we can take that action to do that.

00:13:13.000 --> 00:13:20.000
Okay. Great. Thanks, Dano Jim. The project health dashboard

00:13:20.000 --> 00:13:36.000
Yeah, thanks. Tracy. So this one, I think we originally set this up to deliver some automated content into each of the project reports we achieved.

00:13:36.000 --> 00:13:44.000
The the first step of identifying what needs to going there to reflect accurately with data.

00:13:44.000 --> 00:13:51.000
The the the project, house. But we haven't achieved this.

00:13:51.000 --> 00:14:01.000
The original goal of doing automation. It's mainly due to resource constraints, coding, coding, wise and setting up infrastructure.

00:14:01.000 --> 00:14:16.000
But we did manage to give the the output to the Linux Foundation inside team as input for their future enhancements.

00:14:16.000 --> 00:14:41.000
So I I think we have the option of closing this off with the reduce the scope, and just consider the the the output being just the report itself, and then we can always choose to act on that in the future when we do have resources available

00:14:41.000 --> 00:14:51.000
Okay, one of the things that I was thinking about with this in another conversation that I had was around.

00:14:51.000 --> 00:14:57.000
Whether or not we wanted to have some sort of yeah.

00:14:57.000 --> 00:15:08.000
So that's call it a spreadsheet for sake of ease that basically provides a list of things that we would expect from projects things like Maintainer as well.

00:15:08.000 --> 00:15:16.000
These are the easy things right things like Maintainer as files, contributor files things to talk about.

00:15:16.000 --> 00:15:28.000
How do you become a maintainer? You know all of the basically good practices or best practices for for being a successful kind of open source. Project.

00:15:28.000 --> 00:15:33.000
And then just the you know kind of a checkmark yes or no, next to it.

00:15:33.000 --> 00:15:52.000
I know right now we're kind of doing that in the project report, but I'm wondering if there's a a different way for us to do, that and kind of have it all in one location and basically something that we could maintain as we kind of go through and see these things getting completed or

00:15:52.000 --> 00:16:01.000
Or finished. It's not quite the same. I think it's what this dashboard was, and is intended to be within insights.

00:16:01.000 --> 00:16:04.000
But I'm wondering if it does help us in some way.

00:16:04.000 --> 00:16:10.000
Just to to be able to understand kind of these these best practices, if you will

00:16:10.000 --> 00:16:15.000
Yeah, yeah, I think the the report that we ended up with can be easily turning to a express sheet format.

00:16:15.000 --> 00:16:35.000
And I'd I'd be happy to help with that, so we can have that sort of as itself, either as a self evaluation or as a setup Format for projects to self self report on their health matrices.

00:16:35.000 --> 00:16:42.000
Yeah, I can. I can definitely help with that as sort of the last step to to wrap this up

00:16:42.000 --> 00:16:43.000
Does that make sense? Okay?

00:16:43.000 --> 00:16:44.000
Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah, I and I know hard.

00:16:44.000 --> 00:16:54.000
I think this is kind of another. Some of the conversations you and I had as well about some of the things that we'd like projects to be able to to be.

00:16:54.000 --> 00:17:08.000
Able to have related to the documentation of how their projects are run, and I think this: these are the 2 things that came together in my head to create kind of this spreadsheet of checkmarks.

00:17:08.000 --> 00:17:13.000
Of yes, no sorts of things, maybe even pointers, to where those things are.

00:17:13.000 --> 00:17:29.000
If you will, so that people can easily find where things are documented, because I don't feel like we're very consistent across our projects, and when we document some of these things, some of them have them in maintainer as far as some of them have them in contributors files

00:17:29.000 --> 00:17:39.000
Right like there's there's just different places where things are captured, and I just wanna make sure that we have a you know one place kinda to go look and see how our projects.

00:17:39.000 --> 00:17:48.000
Are doing and well, maybe you know a directory for people who are interested in getting involved in certain projects

00:17:48.000 --> 00:17:55.000
Totally agree. Tracy. Thanks for bringing this up

00:17:55.000 --> 00:18:05.000
Alright anything else. Then on project help dashboards that we should, that anybody has any commentary on

00:18:05.000 --> 00:18:20.000
Hi! It's Dave I agree with your points about consolidating that information, and there's also a few of the questions that are in each of the projects reports that that have been there for like most of the year, and people are just copy paste I think so, it'd be

00:18:20.000 --> 00:18:24.000
good if those things got moved to the common spreadsheet or the common page will have where we do it.

00:18:24.000 --> 00:18:33.000
And then the project reports. Maybe just link to that, and you can say, do you have any updates on the call page? That type of thing

00:18:33.000 --> 00:18:38.000
Yeah, I think that's a really good idea. Okay. I I saw similar stories.

00:18:38.000 --> 00:18:42.000
I was thinking similar sorts of things when I was looking at some of the newest reports that came in.

00:18:42.000 --> 00:18:43.000
It's like that looks very similar to what I thought last, that they reported right?

00:18:43.000 --> 00:18:54.000
So yeah, I'm agreeing with the copy paste, and how that might just you know some of the stuff is is just not needed.

00:18:54.000 --> 00:18:58.000
There not project reports anymore?

00:18:58.000 --> 00:19:02.000
Alright anything else, then

00:19:02.000 --> 00:19:09.000
On this particular topic

00:19:09.000 --> 00:19:14.000
Alright. So then, the last task force that we have is the security password.

00:19:14.000 --> 00:19:21.000
So Arun, I know you've been hosting some meetings, wanted to see if we could get an update from you on.

00:19:21.000 --> 00:19:30.000
But the status is and what kind of steps we are taking or need to still take. To get this one closed out

00:19:30.000 --> 00:19:43.000
So Tracy, hey? Everybody so in terms of update we still stand at the same place as what was updated in the previous days to Tcom which is, with we have certain action.

00:19:43.000 --> 00:19:55.000
Items that were supposed to be written down. For instance, in our initial proposal we had the easy target achieved, but after that, taking the feedback from the 2, we went back.

00:19:55.000 --> 00:20:17.000
And then we find the other proposals, and out of those proposals, like the after multiple discussions we realized that some of the Open Ssl recommendations, or to be proposed over here in Hyper Ledger for to to form immediate implementation I apologize because I haven't been

00:20:17.000 --> 00:20:31.000
able to follow since the global Forum event. But yes, the the task force itself has completed, for now the tasks that were to be, done, however, the the the proposal, that we had as part of the task force.

00:20:31.000 --> 00:20:54.000
Itself is security is not one time activity which we should be reviewed, and then once we put up these 10 or 15 items that it's done, but rather it should be continuously evaluated as well from so that is an open item which I still see that we end up discussing for instance, in

00:20:54.000 --> 00:21:04.000
The previous call, as well, are not brought up a tool that we should be leveraging in our build process this night tool reports right?

00:21:04.000 --> 00:21:12.000
So that's where we stand right now. And currently the task force meetings have been canceled.

00:21:12.000 --> 00:21:21.000
The Tuesday meetings in case there was a conflict, and then now I'm being rehabilitation of that is not done because I was occupied in the past.

00:21:21.000 --> 00:21:28.000
Month. I again apologize for that. That's 3 times status

00:21:28.000 --> 00:21:29.000
Okay. Oh, no.

00:21:29.000 --> 00:21:30.000
So there is sorry on this slide to that are not brought up.

00:21:30.000 --> 00:21:57.000
I was not so not also aware of that right. The next foundation has already provided that in the in the dashboards that are available for other projects, the the discussion that we had in the previous task force meeting was to go through that and then recommend how the projects, teams can start using that

00:21:57.000 --> 00:22:10.000
I'd be already saw some of the project teams I've been taking measures to mitigate some of those risk reported by the 2 I'm not sure if those reports were shared through this tool or through some other needs when the tool has captured.

00:22:10.000 --> 00:22:19.000
Those status, as well

00:22:19.000 --> 00:22:23.000
Okay. Hello.

00:22:23.000 --> 00:22:28.000
Yes, so you know I I Hi, Kim, responsibility.

00:22:28.000 --> 00:22:38.000
I take responsibility for having started this so I still feel like we have a lot to do in that space, and I mean I you know our room.

00:22:38.000 --> 00:22:42.000
I don't think you have to apologize. We all get busy on time, and that's okay.

00:22:42.000 --> 00:22:45.000
I mean, you know I thank you for trying to beat this, anyway.

00:22:45.000 --> 00:22:48.000
But you know it's I we started this that was based on my report that the open Ssf.

00:22:48.000 --> 00:23:15.000
Had produced a guide, for on you know, for open source project, and how to handle venueability disclosures, and then you know, I'm very much involved in opennesses these days, and I can tell you that the list of tools and recommendations can keep increasing all the time and I

00:23:15.000 --> 00:23:21.000
Think in general, you know, especially given the space we're in with blockchain, which is pretty security.

00:23:21.000 --> 00:23:27.000
Sensitive. I mean those recommendations are true for any open source project, but you know I.

00:23:27.000 --> 00:23:37.000
As I was saying, J. Just if anybody should care it should be us, because you know blockchain space, we care about security, and maybe more than anybody else.

00:23:37.000 --> 00:23:39.000
And so I think we there's a lot to learn from the recollections.

00:23:39.000 --> 00:23:49.000
The you know. Our room was referring to some of the tools that are being, you know, pointed to.

00:23:49.000 --> 00:24:07.000
There are some that are actually developed by openness itself that help, you know, track the packages, for instance, that you're using in your in your software, and it will alert you automatically if there's a Bernoulli that has been disclosing one of the old founding one of the

00:24:07.000 --> 00:24:10.000
Packages. You depend on. There's Gita actually is also starting to provide some of those tools.

00:24:10.000 --> 00:24:15.000
But then let me be turned on by default, and sometimes it's just a matter of going.

00:24:15.000 --> 00:24:30.000
Change, the the you know your Github settings to get to use those new features and and the other part is, you know, a lot of this has to do with providing attestation.

00:24:30.000 --> 00:24:38.000
But you know ensuring the provenance of the tools, and so, again.

00:24:38.000 --> 00:24:59.000
Oh, the software we're developing so that people can use them, knowing that they are actually using the gene in version and stuff like this so there's a whole array of things that need to be done that you know as we say nowadays is like to improve the 60 poster of our projects and so I

00:24:59.000 --> 00:25:03.000
Think this you know this task force is still very much needed.

00:25:03.000 --> 00:25:08.000
We have to come up with, you know. I see this as a way to try to.

00:25:08.000 --> 00:25:11.000
You know, go through all these different options that are being brought up, and recommendations, and try to figure out what it means for us.

00:25:11.000 --> 00:25:15.000
A procedure, and so that we can then turn around.

00:25:15.000 --> 00:25:32.000
You know and tell our comedy our different projects okay, these are guidelines that we really want you to follow

00:25:32.000 --> 00:25:37.000
Alright, makes sense, part

00:25:37.000 --> 00:25:43.000
I agree with Arnold. I think we have. You know we have a lot of stuff to do this.

00:25:43.000 --> 00:26:08.000
I I you know I expect this will be a fairly long term effort, but in the the near future you know we'd like to get, you know, more precise Bug Valley programs rolled out and we'd also like to you know formalize a security audit process as well as you know trying to I don't

00:26:08.000 --> 00:26:13.000
Know if standardized is the right word, but trying to help formalize. Cv.

00:26:13.000 --> 00:26:19.000
I guess even if we can't mandate them cve best practices.

00:26:19.000 --> 00:26:25.000
So I totally just want to briefly agree with what Arnold said

00:26:25.000 --> 00:26:40.000
Okay. So it sounds to me if I'm hearing correctly that we've still got some work to do, and it's going to be around documenting guidelines and best practices for security potentially implementing some programs.

00:26:40.000 --> 00:26:50.000
Within the Hyper ledger foundation as a whole is there with the with the first part.

00:26:50.000 --> 00:26:58.000
How much of what's being done in open Ssf.

00:26:58.000 --> 00:27:07.000
Is applicable to that? Or are we creating separate from open Ssf.

00:27:07.000 --> 00:27:11.000
I'm trying to figure out what the what the relationship is between Hyper Ledger Foundation and open Ssf.

00:27:11.000 --> 00:27:16.000
And in this kind of task force.

00:27:16.000 --> 00:27:17.000
Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, we're we're trying to get people to adopt the best open.

00:27:17.000 --> 00:27:25.000
Ssf. Practices right right now. We don't have any formal policies.

00:27:25.000 --> 00:27:44.000
Say on Cve disclosure right? And when we talked about that last time early this, year, you know, people were hesitant to follow the open Ssf. Best practices

00:27:44.000 --> 00:27:45.000
So

00:27:45.000 --> 00:27:53.000
Yeah. But so I agree. I mean it's not about creating a own policies per se, or our own guidance.

00:27:53.000 --> 00:28:09.000
It's really, you know, deciding which ones we want to adopt and and and and what tools we want to leverage, and so that we can recommend that to the projects in

00:28:09.000 --> 00:28:15.000
Okay. Yeah makes sense. So then I guess we keep the the security task force open.

00:28:15.000 --> 00:28:34.000
For now, as we determine what those open Ssl. Best practices are that we want to adopt, and what the tools are that we want to to recommend to our different projects.

00:28:34.000 --> 00:28:52.000
Alright any other comments on the Security Task force any other things that we should be considering or thinking about here

00:28:52.000 --> 00:28:59.000
Alright, I'll take that as a know. So if we go back to the agenda we do.

00:28:59.000 --> 00:29:08.000
You have some sections at the bottom of the agenda about a new project proposals, and then kind of a backlog of issues.

00:29:08.000 --> 00:29:16.000
So Shawn, if you wouldn't mind going back to the agenda so we've got the hlf operator hip that's been proposed.

00:29:16.000 --> 00:29:26.000
I I will let you know that there are conversations that are ongoing between the submitter of this proposal and the bevel.

00:29:26.000 --> 00:29:32.000
Community, the results of those are yet to be determined.

00:29:32.000 --> 00:29:41.000
But I I want to leave this open until some sort of decision is made.

00:29:41.000 --> 00:29:50.000
As to whether or not it makes sense to bring this into the double operators, or what direction this is going to take.

00:29:50.000 --> 00:29:55.000
So, for for now this is going to to remain open hopefully.

00:29:55.000 --> 00:30:16.000
We can. I continue to report back on those discussions and how they're proceeding for additional for additional meetings, that we might have, and then for the backlog items we do have this one open issue which is what spawned the security task force.

00:30:16.000 --> 00:30:20.000
Which is to update the security process for hyper ledger.

00:30:20.000 --> 00:30:31.000
I I'm I'm not sure what to do here, since we kind of have 2 threads, one, which is this issue and one which is the task force.

00:30:31.000 --> 00:30:32.000
Do we leave the issue open until the task force is completed.

00:30:32.000 --> 00:30:39.000
Or do we close this with the we created the task force to handle it?

00:30:39.000 --> 00:30:44.000
I I'm I'm looking for some sort of direction or thoughts on kind of this backlog item.

00:30:44.000 --> 00:30:57.000
Happy to keep it open, but also I don't want to leave it there, for it's just creating voice any thoughts that anybody has here

00:30:57.000 --> 00:31:04.000
Adriene. Yeah, I mean, I think part of the test force mandate is to to suggest updates to this.

00:31:04.000 --> 00:31:09.000
So I think it's fine if we roll it into the task force

00:31:09.000 --> 00:31:13.000
Okay.

00:31:13.000 --> 00:31:18.000
Any objections to that

00:31:18.000 --> 00:31:26.000
Anybody who thinks it should be should remain open separately, alright

00:31:26.000 --> 00:31:48.000
Right, not enough objection itself. But no, I I don't know how to put it better, but the project team who proposed here they did reach out on a chart and they were asking for coming as well they were asking me to review on them make some comments and get involved so I know like there

00:31:48.000 --> 00:31:53.000
Are personally. But when I looked into some of the available labs there were, thank you.

00:31:53.000 --> 00:31:57.000
There is one more operator project, or maybe 2 more operator, and within hyper Ledger, already incubated projects.

00:31:57.000 --> 00:32:07.000
We do have one project that does make use of operator concept.

00:32:07.000 --> 00:32:11.000
And then there is payable, so

00:32:11.000 --> 00:32:16.000
I mean we are already in phase wars there are so W.

00:32:16.000 --> 00:32:28.000
Would my my question, like what I am trying to get towards is, would fabric team be willing to participate in these discussions?

00:32:28.000 --> 00:32:37.000
Because most of these are kind of time to fabric as well at least that's where the confusions and all the questions are arising.

00:32:37.000 --> 00:32:50.000
As far as I know, at least the except for Babel, which provides integrations or multiple other platforms most of the other operators that we see are all on the fabric, so can we have fabric team involved.

00:32:50.000 --> 00:33:13.000
I mean help us understand what the direction that team is taking from the fabric side versus which of these tool is more ready for that adoption in future changes and I know unifying may not be straightforward because of the complexity that I already mentioned by will support multiple other platforms, and most of the

00:33:13.000 --> 00:33:23.000
Others are like operators on the for fabric, but at least the guidance from public team would be helpful

00:33:23.000 --> 00:33:31.000
Hi, this is Dave. Yeah, I can help and or get somebody from the the fabric team to help with this

00:33:31.000 --> 00:33:42.000
Alright. Thanks, man, so make sure to to include you in some of the conversations that are ongoing that we have

00:33:42.000 --> 00:33:46.000
A a room. You had jumped us back in the conversation.

00:33:46.000 --> 00:33:56.000
I was. We were actually talking about closing out the the security, pros updating security process in the backlog items.

00:33:56.000 --> 00:34:05.000
So I was asking if anybody had any objections to close that one so happy to take us back there.

00:34:05.000 --> 00:34:15.000
But point taken on the operator, and I'll make sure that we're including other folks in those conversation

00:34:15.000 --> 00:34:20.000
And this is a topic that I'm personally interested in as well and invested in as well.

00:34:20.000 --> 00:34:25.000
So yeah, I want to get involved

00:34:25.000 --> 00:34:30.000
Okay.

00:34:30.000 --> 00:34:33.000
So related to the going back to the backlog item.

00:34:33.000 --> 00:34:45.000
Then any any objections to us closing this out as being included in the password, the security task force

00:34:45.000 --> 00:34:50.000
Well, so it's really a matter of you know, kind of accounting how you want to do deal with it.

00:34:50.000 --> 00:34:55.000
I mean as long as we have the task force.

00:34:55.000 --> 00:34:59.000
I guess it's okay to close it, so we will not get to the side of it.

00:34:59.000 --> 00:35:09.000
But to me it's this is kind of like the issue, and the task force is the way we are going to come up with the answer that will allow us to close this.

00:35:09.000 --> 00:35:15.000
That's the way I thought about it, but I have no problem closing it

00:35:15.000 --> 00:35:18.000
Yeah, oh, no, I I see where you're at right like.

00:35:18.000 --> 00:35:22.000
We shouldn't actually close the issue on until it's been really it's kind of where you're at.

00:35:22.000 --> 00:35:24.000
Yeah, that's: yeah, yeah.

00:35:24.000 --> 00:35:34.000
Yeah makes sense.

00:35:34.000 --> 00:35:35.000
Alright, so the the scale is now balanced, in my mind.

00:35:35.000 --> 00:35:36.000
I don't have a preference for either way.

00:35:36.000 --> 00:35:43.000
We've heard what for closing one for leaving it open.

00:35:43.000 --> 00:36:01.000
Any any other people have any thoughts on this, otherwise I think I will lean towards leaving it open, because that the the scale is slightly towards that

00:36:01.000 --> 00:36:02.000
Alright.

00:36:02.000 --> 00:36:14.000
I would also tip the scale to leaving it open. I think it's good to have a reminder that this is what we need to come back to from the task force

00:36:14.000 --> 00:36:17.000
Alright. Somebody put their thumbs up I don't know who that was.

00:36:17.000 --> 00:36:21.000
So, Peter, you did. Okay. So we'll leave it open then.

00:36:21.000 --> 00:36:28.000
For now. So that's the we went through the entire agenda any other topics that we should be discussing.

00:36:28.000 --> 00:36:35.000
As we finish. Today's meeting

00:36:35.000 --> 00:36:54.000
Yes. So this topic came fresh in, because I I got to attend one of the event, and Blockchain related event, and and Danglars today, and I would like to see something like that within hyper ledger ecosystem as well, and what fascinates me over there is in terms.

00:36:54.000 --> 00:37:04.000
Of the the developer relationships in in making onboarding developer ecosystem, making their experience much more.

00:37:04.000 --> 00:37:25.000
I know this has been brought up in the past on the approach from Mypalager would be little different, but if if there are opportunities for us to open up any in multiple ways I think we should start looking for partnerships or engagements in that aspect and this could be from multiple angles

00:37:25.000 --> 00:37:32.000
For instance, they majority of developer ecosystem comes from from, let's say the they a certain age group which would much closer, which would be much closer to universities, right?

00:37:32.000 --> 00:37:56.000
So they would be looking for. A quick contributions or a kind of project involvement that they would personally want to be involved in and I'm not again talking about the mentorship, program, but rather those who are highly motivated and the enthusiast who would go and explore on their own

00:37:56.000 --> 00:38:09.000
And willing to contribute at at their own face. So these particular community group is special, large, and once they let's say, get gain that experience.

00:38:09.000 --> 00:38:16.000
They will carry that forward to further people from their reach.

00:38:16.000 --> 00:38:21.000
And this has been a success story for for at least other groups.

00:38:21.000 --> 00:38:31.000
And I I mean if there are open opportunities for us to propose some things and like engage in any way happy to do that.

00:38:31.000 --> 00:38:40.000
Yeah, that's all

00:38:40.000 --> 00:38:41.000
So I'm not quite sure that I'm understanding what you're suggesting.

00:38:41.000 --> 00:38:44.000
But I I

00:38:44.000 --> 00:38:50.000
Correct, so I'll I'll probably put it in a much other tie other way right?

00:38:50.000 --> 00:38:54.000
So engaging you university students, especially when they are the worst there.

00:38:54.000 --> 00:39:03.000
Towards end of their courses, or people who are looking out for real world experience people who are looking out for open source contributions, and they are highly motivated.

00:39:03.000 --> 00:39:12.000
They are the like. The developers. A group who are for willing to learn on their own.

00:39:12.000 --> 00:39:16.000
Now the investment from our site would be in terms of making sure.

00:39:16.000 --> 00:39:20.000
We have right materials available for them right trainings available.

00:39:20.000 --> 00:39:50.000
This may also require, for instance, Hyperlger Foundation to be engaged with certain universities and prepare course materials if needed, a probably engage in creating workshops.

00:39:51.000 --> 00:39:57.000
Okay. I'm gonna let heart comment. I I think there's already some things that are ongoing.

00:39:57.000 --> 00:40:00.000
But I'll see if heart mentions those or not.

00:40:00.000 --> 00:40:09.000
Oh, absolutely so yeah, so. Ruin! We definitely have university student engagement is a goal, you know.

00:40:09.000 --> 00:40:23.000
There's only so much we can do, obviously like putting together a full university course is difficult, particularly, you know, like a real thing.

00:40:23.000 --> 00:40:33.000
We have been we have been working on this, though? And if you have suggestions, you know we we'd love to hear from you.

00:40:33.000 --> 00:40:39.000
So you know, just just reach out if you think that there's something we can do.

00:40:39.000 --> 00:40:43.000
We, you know, in the same vein we are gonna try to.

00:40:43.000 --> 00:41:07.000
I guess revamp isn't the right word, but we're gonna try to, you know update the mentorship program as well to help head of war university students and more university interns as well, so yeah, we'd love to hear from you on you know if you don't

00:41:07.000 --> 00:41:13.000
Mind, you know, like writing this up in some kind of email or something.

00:41:13.000 --> 00:41:14.000
And then and then just mailing to that would be fantastic cause. We're always looking for feedback and opportunities on this kind of thing.

00:41:14.000 --> 00:41:27.000
Right. So this is what I was trying to go towards engaging universities, to transport us really beneficial or a community growth, perspective, and also in terms of adoption

00:41:27.000 --> 00:41:33.000
One thing that I know was happening is some work with Morgan state.

00:41:33.000 --> 00:41:42.000
You for some of the kind of conversations about what it is that we're doing in hyper ledger, and that was the one example that I was going to bring up part.

00:41:42.000 --> 00:41:45.000
I don't know if you had a comment on that.

00:41:45.000 --> 00:41:46.000
Specifically, I saw your hand goes straight up

00:41:46.000 --> 00:41:47.000
Yeah. So our contact. Person, sorry Tracy, our contact person at Morgan State left.

00:41:47.000 --> 00:41:56.000
So that's currently on hold. But that is definitely something we are trying to continue

00:41:56.000 --> 00:42:01.000
Okay. Great thanks. Hard. Come Lush.

00:42:01.000 --> 00:42:11.000
So I didn't really see in heart like what Iran is mentioning and saying, I think I I can relate, because I can also keep trailing different universities in India.

00:42:11.000 --> 00:42:22.000
Is a speaker, is a event partner, but everybody everybody understand the public blockchain is ecosystem, like Polygon and other ister.

00:42:22.000 --> 00:42:28.000
But when come to and come to the topic of the high pilgrimage kind of ecosystem, so even like.

00:42:28.000 --> 00:42:45.000
Still the educational event is missing. So maybe 4 that weren't like what the room is also saying like how we can create and talk about the hyperlger ecosystem in so I'm going to develop an ecosystem going to be events, so because like all this public

00:42:45.000 --> 00:42:46.000
Blockchain communities out there and talking about and building some direct ecosystem.

00:42:46.000 --> 00:42:52.000
But in hyper with respect to you as a hypothetical system goes to the different event.

00:42:52.000 --> 00:43:04.000
But in the different this aspect kind of talking about the hypothesis, hypothetical system, and hypervisor business perspective.

00:43:04.000 --> 00:43:11.000
But involving the developer ecosystem, but I think could be focused in not just university, but in general.

00:43:11.000 --> 00:43:17.000
Yeah to the developer ecosystem

00:43:17.000 --> 00:43:21.000
Alright. That's good. Wish Bobby

00:43:21.000 --> 00:43:32.000
Hi, everybody. Yeah, I just wanted to supply that in the learning materials working group in the New Year is working with David to change up and onboarding site.

00:43:32.000 --> 00:43:33.000
Or onboarding mechanism, so that when people do inquire, there are the infra.

00:43:33.000 --> 00:43:52.000
There is the information that they're requesting really easy for them to find, and then possibly we were talking in the group about running classes based on just what Hyper Ledger does during our meetings like monthly.

00:43:52.000 --> 00:43:59.000
So that people who are interested will get the information

00:43:59.000 --> 00:44:03.000
That's wonderful. Bobby.

00:44:03.000 --> 00:44:14.000
Any other comments on this topic

00:44:14.000 --> 00:44:22.000
Alright any other topics, then, that we should talk about before we close out today's meeting

00:44:22.000 --> 00:44:23.000
Huh!

00:44:23.000 --> 00:44:30.000
Awesome. I will briefly say that you know just in in this same vein of soliciting feedback.

00:44:30.000 --> 00:44:35.000
We are looking together. Sorry we're looking to put together our events.

00:44:35.000 --> 00:44:43.000
Strategy for next year. So if you all think that you know there's an event that might not be on our radar that we should attend or have a presence at, or try to speak at or do something.

00:44:43.000 --> 00:44:56.000
Please, please reach out and let us know

00:44:56.000 --> 00:44:57.000
Alright. Thank you hurt

00:44:57.000 --> 00:45:02.000
Thank you, Tracy.

00:45:02.000 --> 00:45:12.000
Any other topics

00:45:12.000 --> 00:45:15.000
Alright. Sounds like there's none. So with that we will close out.

00:45:15.000 --> 00:45:18.000
Today's meeting. Thank you all for your participation, and we will see you again soon.

00:45:18.000 --> 00:45:25.000
Thanks. EverybodyThank you.

