WEBVTT

1
00:00:49.630 --> 00:00:50.890
George Mulhearn: Hey, Craig?

2
00:00:53.190 --> 00:00:54.030
ckowald: Hello.

3
00:00:54.730 --> 00:00:57.309
George Mulhearn: Nice of you to join us.

4
00:00:58.120 --> 00:01:02.530
George Mulhearn: Am I in the right place? Yeah, you're in the right place, hey, Patrick?

5
00:01:02.680 --> 00:01:03.720
Patrik Stas: How folks.

6
00:01:05.330 --> 00:01:09.380
Patrik Stas: Hey, George? And I see we have a new joiner today.

7
00:01:09.790 --> 00:01:10.649
Patrik Stas: Hi.

8
00:01:12.580 --> 00:01:17.230
ckowald: hello! Is this? Is this meant to be just a discussion between you 2, or am I allowed to sit in?

9
00:01:17.770 --> 00:01:28.049
Patrik Stas: No, no, definitely you can. You can join in a a, and anyone is welcome, you know, as far as your is, as far as you're concerned about the

10
00:01:28.580 --> 00:01:31.250
ckowald: So usually we we don't have not

11
00:01:31.610 --> 00:01:36.990
Patrik Stas: many, many joiners here. But yeah, definitely, you are welcome here.

12
00:01:37.850 --> 00:01:39.170
ckowald: Excellent. Thank you.

13
00:01:40.110 --> 00:01:45.660
Patrik Stas: So, yeah, maybe since since connected for the first time.

14
00:01:46.090 --> 00:01:51.079
Patrik Stas: So you just like shortly introduce yourself. You know

15
00:01:51.400 --> 00:01:58.600
Patrik Stas: what company or come for, or why are you interested in the framework. What are you doing with it? Things like that?

16
00:01:59.540 --> 00:02:07.229
ckowald: Yeah, sure. This is. This is technically the second time I've joined full disclosure as I work with George.

17
00:02:07.460 --> 00:02:09.130
ckowald: So

18
00:02:09.770 --> 00:02:20.310
Patrik Stas: I joined the very first time that George sort of introduced himself to the community.

19
00:02:20.480 --> 00:02:26.819
ckowald: meaning to come to these from an interest point of view. To be honest, George is the

20
00:02:26.890 --> 00:02:34.609
ckowald: the more involved technical person you know, on on the ground Why, you know him more than you know me.

21
00:02:34.690 --> 00:02:45.370
ckowald: but usually I've got something on this time of night. Well, for me, it's this time of night which distracts me. But this evening I've managed to free myself up to just sit in and quietly see if that's allowed.

22
00:02:45.760 --> 00:02:48.819
Patrik Stas: Yeah, yeah, I understood. Yeah, that's cool, Sure.

23
00:02:49.180 --> 00:02:53.610
Patrik Stas: Okay. So let's let's get started. So

24
00:02:55.740 --> 00:02:57.330
Patrik Stas: Am I sharing screen?

25
00:02:57.680 --> 00:02:59.250
Patrik Stas: Yeah, I should be there.

26
00:02:59.980 --> 00:03:00.840
Patrik Stas: Okay.

27
00:03:03.280 --> 00:03:04.700
let me open up the

28
00:03:04.720 --> 00:03:05.920
Patrik Stas: and

29
00:03:15.470 --> 00:03:29.399
Patrik Stas: Yeah. Okay. So by by hyper ledger rules, I should keep this this place for a little bit. So just in the meantime, as we have this and that trust police notice opened up.

30
00:03:31.290 --> 00:03:33.469
Let me just.

31
00:03:33.820 --> 00:03:39.840
Patrik Stas: Oh, well, let's let's leave to to to a short moment for

32
00:03:40.280 --> 00:03:43.269
Patrik Stas: for for the for the notice.

33
00:03:55.370 --> 00:04:04.970
Patrik Stas: All right, so I think we can dive into the meeting, so usually we start just like just to check. If there's

34
00:04:05.430 --> 00:04:15.369
Patrik Stas: you know anything you would like to in particular, discuss today, so we can. We can adjust the agenda appropriately ahead of time.

35
00:04:15.390 --> 00:04:17.939
Patrik Stas: Do you do you guys have any points?

36
00:04:20.690 --> 00:04:21.940
George Mulhearn: No, it looks good.

37
00:04:23.150 --> 00:04:26.919
ckowald: Yeah, nothing from me. I'm: i'm just here to learn and and catch up.

38
00:04:27.290 --> 00:04:36.469
Patrik Stas: Okay, cool. So in that case it's more of a like a usual planning and review kind of meeting, I guess. So.

39
00:04:36.870 --> 00:04:39.220
Patrik Stas: Yeah. So

40
00:04:39.290 --> 00:04:43.949
Patrik Stas: well let's get through the recent work which has been done so

41
00:04:44.080 --> 00:04:53.610
Patrik Stas: notably there has been a release. 0, 51 one which was released just shortly after 51

42
00:04:53.980 --> 00:04:59.529
Patrik Stas: and the 51 those release after quite a long time.

43
00:04:59.600 --> 00:05:09.950
Patrik Stas: But basically I believe that throughout the previous month this was the the first release since December fifth. So.

44
00:05:10.150 --> 00:05:11.530
Patrik Stas: more than a month

45
00:05:12.220 --> 00:05:26.340
Patrik Stas: a later it had a quite, a quite a bunch of tasks and merged. But I i'm not gonna go through all of these as this has been previously basically discussed on the individual meetings.

46
00:05:28.920 --> 00:05:37.499
Patrik Stas: So so i'll leave it As it is, anybody interesting can take a look at a better. Look at the change a lot.

47
00:05:37.700 --> 00:05:42.569
Patrik Stas: and i'll move on to the 50 51.1

48
00:05:42.650 --> 00:05:48.519
Patrik Stas: i'm missing. We're missing the apparently we are missing the change here. But

49
00:05:48.970 --> 00:05:56.659
Patrik Stas: there's 2 additional merit to request which this fix release contained

50
00:05:56.680 --> 00:06:05.190
Patrik Stas: most importantly, the kernel dependency upgrade, which fixes certain issues for Ios and Android.

51
00:06:05.620 --> 00:06:15.799
Patrik Stas: where on the mobile devices you will be for you, You would have to make sure that environment variable. P. Z. That

52
00:06:16.210 --> 00:06:34.490
Patrik Stas: TV is set up as a as a variable for time zone, otherwise the logging library would try to get the current time for the purpose of looking, but it would fail it. It would literally panic on, unable to

53
00:06:34.500 --> 00:06:37.810
Patrik Stas: an inability to determine the time zone. And

54
00:06:38.290 --> 00:06:43.750
Patrik Stas: And so the kernel dependency upgrade is fixing this problem.

55
00:06:43.890 --> 00:06:49.040
So we bumped it to the latest 0, 4, 23

56
00:06:50.150 --> 00:06:58.320
Patrik Stas: additionally. This also contained a pull request to trim down.

57
00:06:58.830 --> 00:07:15.830
Patrik Stas: and the bindings from Vdr tools so previously. The Ios Ios brepper not only contain bindings to live Vcx Library itself, but also the Vdr. Tools Library, which.

58
00:07:15.900 --> 00:07:22.960
Patrik Stas: and which Vcx is using. So this was the this doesn't seem very clean, and

59
00:07:22.970 --> 00:07:37.070
Patrik Stas: I believe that this didn't really have any use case, either. So in order for us to proceed and start streaming down these dependencies. We remove these bindings, and if anybody wishes to.

60
00:07:37.560 --> 00:07:53.149
Patrik Stas: you know, re re revert, returns some sort of functionality. We should be doing it just directly by propagating. This calls through Libby 6 as 5, instead of trying to hook into some third part, essentially third party library.

61
00:07:53.530 --> 00:07:57.469
Patrik Stas: So this is release 0, 51 1

62
00:07:57.770 --> 00:08:01.030
Patrik Stas: before that

63
00:08:01.530 --> 00:08:10.519
Patrik Stas: and before that we had a few other pull requests. These were included in 0, 51

64
00:08:13.240 --> 00:08:24.159
Patrik Stas: well, non-technical one was the upgraded, a renee's documentation and architecture diagram. So i'll just briefly go through that, although

65
00:08:24.650 --> 00:08:29.970
George have already seen it as he's the one who who who is reviewing

66
00:08:29.990 --> 00:08:39.349
Patrik Stas: so so the main with me pages to be nicer, hopefully, more inviting for the newcomers to kinda they dig through. And also

67
00:08:39.650 --> 00:08:44.789
Patrik Stas: the the really itself is is changing nuance

68
00:08:44.820 --> 00:08:50.760
Patrik Stas: a little bit in terms of making sure that the area these things is clearly the

69
00:08:50.780 --> 00:08:56.449
Patrik Stas: first first-class citizen citizen here, Whereas, the lib. Cx is just.

70
00:08:56.550 --> 00:08:58.949
Patrik Stas: you know, one way out

71
00:09:02.480 --> 00:09:09.470
different approaches. How to do this, how to do fsi to mobile devices

72
00:09:09.580 --> 00:09:31.830
Patrik Stas: Maybe 6 is. One of them is that, as I mentioned on other on the previous calls, definitely an encouraging, encouraging anyone. Planning to use a is V. 6 to to look out for alternative ways, but to do fi other than other than the V. 6 itself, and the existing

73
00:09:31.840 --> 00:09:34.600
Patrik Stas: ios and android wrapper, as the

74
00:09:34.640 --> 00:09:37.989
Patrik Stas: If I approaches some of the out there.

75
00:09:38.370 --> 00:09:50.559
Patrik Stas: But the the the the idea is here. The Wv. 6 is not the main artifact of this repuls story. It's really just the the rust library and the the sub crates. It it comes with

76
00:09:51.710 --> 00:10:14.609
Patrik Stas: also. Yeah, there was updates, the other pieces of documentation as well. There was a separate sort of getting started for Libby X. Now including architecture, diagram that the architecture diagrams has now been split as a again separately for Levy 6 and separately for Aries, Vcx.

77
00:10:14.620 --> 00:10:25.629
Patrik Stas: So from Olympic X perspective. We have the loop pcx. Create the mainly big 6 credit, which depends on the Area's: Vcx. Rust implementation.

78
00:10:25.920 --> 00:10:31.750
Patrik Stas: They both optionally are using the agency client. Great.

79
00:10:32.010 --> 00:10:38.340
Patrik Stas: I would, you know, integrate with the Me Mediator implementation of V. 6 agency node.

80
00:10:38.430 --> 00:10:45.440
Patrik Stas: And yeah, obviously, we have. If the 5 wipers being hooked into.

81
00:10:45.560 --> 00:10:59.139
Patrik Stas: So we have Java and Ios Grapper, the old school ones, which are linked into Api, C. Portion of Loopy Xiang, and then we have a no just wrapper just freshly merged.

82
00:10:59.250 --> 00:11:11.739
Patrik Stas: Actually, we just build it differently than it used to be, for originally the no jazz wrapper was sitting here next to the aisles

83
00:11:11.940 --> 00:11:21.190
Patrik Stas: linking into the binding into the Api, c. Layer oblivious. But that's no longer the case. Instead.

84
00:11:21.310 --> 00:11:39.230
Patrik Stas: it's a know just they're now using other fi approach, and it's more tightly integrated with the Api we see expire itself, and it's that saves a lot of Lots of low-level handling. We had to do previously.

85
00:11:39.760 --> 00:11:58.379
Patrik Stas: and I'm. Moving at Aries, Vcx documentation. There was also update. It was also updated here, so there's for getting started. There's some says for short section about message mediation, as you might opt into using V. 6 agency note, although

86
00:11:58.810 --> 00:12:00.330
Patrik Stas: in the long run.

87
00:12:00.440 --> 00:12:07.029
Patrik Stas: and we don't really expect to do much more development here.

88
00:12:07.150 --> 00:12:12.909
Patrik Stas: If if anything, we might, might, we should. Implementing some

89
00:12:13.010 --> 00:12:28.679
Patrik Stas: rust implementation on top of a is the 6 itself for the mediator. But yeah, so so the the the Vc. If they just you know this, some will that it's it's not really Aries

90
00:12:29.030 --> 00:12:41.350
Patrik Stas: the client to agency api for downloading and marking messages is not the every speaker protocol. So hence we we don't really

91
00:12:41.640 --> 00:12:47.800
Patrik Stas: plan to work on it, working much more will be ready looking into completely new

92
00:12:47.900 --> 00:12:49.570
implementation.

93
00:12:51.730 --> 00:12:53.359
Patrik Stas: And then.

94
00:12:53.790 --> 00:12:58.799
Patrik Stas: yeah, there is a there is a short tutorial how to kind of get started, how to build it.

95
00:12:59.470 --> 00:13:02.540
Patrik Stas: The unit test integration, test

96
00:13:02.630 --> 00:13:07.600
Patrik Stas: dependencies which are needed. You need to run the in the pool.

97
00:13:07.750 --> 00:13:21.350
Patrik Stas: And then, lastly, there's Architect new updated architecture diagram which only looks, which only describes the every Vcx sort of universe without that

98
00:13:21.630 --> 00:13:24.680
Patrik Stas: the Libby Sax on top of it. So

99
00:13:24.830 --> 00:13:28.010
Patrik Stas: that's here.

100
00:13:28.820 --> 00:13:33.889
Patrik Stas: We have the agency client, this optional dependency now trying to kind of

101
00:13:34.940 --> 00:13:37.379
Patrik Stas: uncouple it from the call base.

102
00:13:37.710 --> 00:13:46.020
Patrik Stas: We have the handlers for the basically individual. Every protocols

103
00:13:47.320 --> 00:13:50.260
Patrik Stas: which are using state machines.

104
00:13:50.420 --> 00:13:56.759
Patrik Stas: What typically happens is that these handlers use the

105
00:13:56.820 --> 00:14:04.470
Patrik Stas: plugins module to inject some data or objects into the protocols implementation, which

106
00:14:04.520 --> 00:14:06.390
Patrik Stas: internally then used

107
00:14:06.840 --> 00:14:10.109
Patrik Stas: the dog and a his message is great.

108
00:14:10.400 --> 00:14:24.879
Patrik Stas: And as for the. As for the plugins, module goes, it's basically contains 3 interfaces, now one for unknown credits, ledger and wallet, and these have different implementations.

109
00:14:24.920 --> 00:14:33.410
Patrik Stas: either by Vdr tools, or in the in the old, old, old naming.

110
00:14:33.630 --> 00:14:43.500
Patrik Stas: or the module modular libraries. Ak Vdr. Tools in the shared ars, and there is as far in the future

111
00:14:43.630 --> 00:14:52.569
Patrik Stas: now going forward. Obviously, in our in our 2023 roadmap we discussed last week.

112
00:14:53.080 --> 00:14:57.820
Patrik Stas: One of the goals for this year is to basically get completely rid of it.

113
00:14:58.080 --> 00:15:01.079
Patrik Stas: or as as much as possible.

114
00:15:01.200 --> 00:15:06.150
Patrik Stas: and start using the modular

115
00:15:06.180 --> 00:15:08.060
Patrik Stas: a library implementation.

116
00:15:08.170 --> 00:15:19.210
Patrik Stas: So we Don't have to maintain 2 different implementations at the same time as we do now. So let's let's trim it down and simplify the maintenance.

117
00:15:20.760 --> 00:15:22.440
Patrik Stas: That's the idea there.

118
00:15:25.970 --> 00:15:31.300
ckowald: So sorry, Patrick, on that I'm, seeing a general move away

119
00:15:31.990 --> 00:15:34.670
ckowald: from the indy wallet to the ascar wallet. Is that

120
00:15:35.100 --> 00:15:36.680
ckowald: is that planned as well.

121
00:15:37.300 --> 00:15:44.840
Patrik Stas: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I mean, we are seeing it across different frameworks, different different areas. Implementations.

122
00:15:45.080 --> 00:15:49.590
Patrik Stas: We we as well have such a plan.

123
00:15:49.930 --> 00:15:51.850
Patrik Stas: Who would like to first

124
00:15:51.870 --> 00:15:54.910
Patrik Stas: first to this migration with the

125
00:15:55.110 --> 00:15:59.930
Patrik Stas: primarily with the credits library and the

126
00:16:00.030 --> 00:16:11.330
Patrik Stas: in the the the Vdr tools, which is for the for accessing connecting to the ledger, and one once we have this done. We will then move on to

127
00:16:11.460 --> 00:16:13.270
the ascar.

128
00:16:14.200 --> 00:16:20.289
Patrik Stas: One of the challenges we have currently with Ascar, we to George, running to is that

129
00:16:20.390 --> 00:16:26.659
Patrik Stas: basically if you try to use ascar as a alternative implementation here.

130
00:16:26.720 --> 00:16:35.609
Patrik Stas: I I think, a a new box here for the world implementation. There are certain dependencies. There's certain rust dependencies

131
00:16:35.700 --> 00:16:36.950
Patrik Stas: which are

132
00:16:37.400 --> 00:16:45.820
Patrik Stas: conflicting between the Vdr tools, dependency, and the ascar dependency. So they both have some dependencies.

133
00:16:45.870 --> 00:16:58.039
Patrik Stas: and this transitive dependencies require a certain rest package on particular version. But these versions are different, and, unlike Np. Unlike Node, Js. Where you can have like 10.

134
00:16:58.100 --> 00:17:05.590
Patrik Stas: Well, you know you can have one dependency. It's 10 different versions, and it works in in rest. It's not quite a case like you need to.

135
00:17:06.390 --> 00:17:22.849
Patrik Stas: You know your your project holistically need to be in like sync like. If one of the libraries says that it needs one of your dependency states that it needs a library. B. It's a particular version.

136
00:17:23.349 --> 00:17:24.520
Patrik Stas: and

137
00:17:24.849 --> 00:17:31.840
Patrik Stas: and your another dependency says it needs to be different particular version. You will get that compilation error.

138
00:17:33.620 --> 00:17:38.700
George Mulhearn: Yeah. So there's lots of very, very old dependencies in video tools.

139
00:17:39.850 --> 00:17:40.650
ckowald: Right.

140
00:17:41.200 --> 00:17:48.760
Patrik Stas: Yeah. Yeah. So so what we want to do now is try to trim down Vdr: tools

141
00:17:49.160 --> 00:17:56.659
Patrik Stas: from the dependencies it doesn't need. So then we would to minimize the You know this kind of conflicts as much as possible.

142
00:17:57.360 --> 00:18:05.460
Patrik Stas: I think the main problematic dependency actually in Vdr tools right now is the sequel X.

143
00:18:05.790 --> 00:18:13.030
Patrik Stas: And I. I was looking at the currently to be the the the sequel X

144
00:18:13.310 --> 00:18:15.560
Patrik Stas: version being used

145
00:18:15.730 --> 00:18:31.320
Patrik Stas: by Vdr. Tools, it's actually a Fork created a long time ago, and there's been a bunch of new version of SQL. X. Which I did, in which, if we upgrade the sequel X dependency. I believe we'll actually

146
00:18:31.460 --> 00:18:33.120
avoids

147
00:18:33.400 --> 00:18:36.620
Patrik Stas: the the conflicts we are seeing right now

148
00:18:37.030 --> 00:18:39.150
Patrik Stas: with the the

149
00:18:39.950 --> 00:18:43.430
Patrik Stas: the credits, libraries.

150
00:18:43.460 --> 00:18:46.730
Patrik Stas: the ascar libraries. Yeah, the

151
00:18:47.180 --> 00:18:47.960
ckowald: Thank you.

152
00:18:54.930 --> 00:19:02.080
Patrik Stas: Okay, this. Let's see what else we have here. Okay. So one more item on the list

153
00:19:04.930 --> 00:19:12.059
Patrik Stas: is a: that was just a minor pull request, which is fixing with B. Cx in terms of

154
00:19:13.370 --> 00:19:18.859
Patrik Stas: error, handling or mapping of in the errors where

155
00:19:19.370 --> 00:19:23.110
Patrik Stas: before this? Pr: If you enter Invalid Key.

156
00:19:23.190 --> 00:19:29.309
Patrik Stas: Yeah, trying to open what you would get Libby 6 error kind living the error 207,

157
00:19:29.540 --> 00:19:33.510
Patrik Stas: which essentially is like kind of representing.

158
00:19:33.940 --> 00:19:42.809
Patrik Stas: and in the error which is not mapped to anything particular in Vcx. Which doesn't seem kind of

159
00:19:43.070 --> 00:19:49.560
Patrik Stas: reasonable. So we instead created. Now a new error. Kind will access failed.

160
00:19:49.670 --> 00:19:53.470
Patrik Stas: which we map this in the error into

161
00:19:54.070 --> 00:19:59.200
Patrik Stas: Additionally, there was a few other mapping changes.

162
00:20:00.110 --> 00:20:06.669
Patrik Stas: not really changes, but adjustments, where certain errors.

163
00:20:07.510 --> 00:20:16.859
Patrik Stas: certain errors were simply mapped into this kind of January Wevr tools error

164
00:20:16.940 --> 00:20:31.599
Patrik Stas: with the error code, but, in fact, it could have been mapped somewhat more sensibly on to the existing Aer's. Vcx, for example, the invalid transaction

165
00:20:31.770 --> 00:20:38.739
Patrik Stas: most previously just mapping into this generic error. Now it naps into invalid a larger response.

166
00:20:39.010 --> 00:20:46.000
Patrik Stas: I think this this whole error in this era mapping still can get some tweaks.

167
00:20:46.220 --> 00:20:52.140
Patrik Stas: and the the error kinds in ours, D. 6 itself could be

168
00:20:52.350 --> 00:20:54.240
Patrik Stas: could be reviewed.

169
00:20:54.290 --> 00:21:01.760
Patrik Stas: but they just attempt to to make it a bit more better be more sensible than it was before.

170
00:21:04.400 --> 00:21:06.739
ckowald: Is that is that going to cause any sort of

171
00:21:07.400 --> 00:21:11.449
ckowald: back with compatibility issues or concerns remapping error. Codes like that.

172
00:21:11.960 --> 00:21:21.470
Patrik Stas: Yes, so if you to depend, you know, if you would particularly rely on this error code somewhere, then

173
00:21:21.750 --> 00:21:25.460
Patrik Stas: it's something to be to be aware of. But

174
00:21:25.550 --> 00:21:26.850
Patrik Stas: I think

175
00:21:27.430 --> 00:21:32.190
Patrik Stas: these are sort of the obscure cases, you know. Typically

176
00:21:32.600 --> 00:21:39.239
Patrik Stas: Typically, most of the in the errors are handled by

177
00:21:41.440 --> 00:21:47.410
Patrik Stas: typically most of them are head, are are met into some sort of every every 6, every kind.

178
00:21:47.910 --> 00:21:51.879
Patrik Stas: and then and then for propagated, as

179
00:21:52.160 --> 00:22:03.960
Patrik Stas: if you look there. But if if if you somewhere in the code are using, you know Vdr. Tools, error. And then looking at the er code, then this will be breaking change

180
00:22:04.040 --> 00:22:04.910
Patrik Stas: for you.

181
00:22:05.930 --> 00:22:07.050
ckowald: Alright, cool.

182
00:22:13.930 --> 00:22:19.940
Patrik Stas: Yeah. Additionally, that Pr. Contained a bunch of refactored tests and the bcx.

183
00:22:20.740 --> 00:22:28.180
Patrik Stas: and the last item here was finally merged, You know, Jazz rapper

184
00:22:28.590 --> 00:22:31.759
Patrik Stas: with a reward. As AI internals

185
00:22:34.130 --> 00:22:46.169
Patrik Stas: it's a it's it's improved the performance significantly. It's a 400 x on with no jazz 18, and as opposed to

186
00:22:46.560 --> 00:22:56.950
Patrik Stas: the old if I approach, and I would just 18, and it's 20 x you promote against the old if I approach on on no just 12.

187
00:22:57.320 --> 00:23:09.760
Patrik Stas: So, and also it definitely seems more stable. In Ci. We were seeing intermittent issues with no just testing previously, which is mostly related to the

188
00:23:10.250 --> 00:23:25.400
Patrik Stas: to just framework itself, and the fact that the library was constantly re-initialized in those test workflows and now we we see that it's like we're way more stable and

189
00:23:26.980 --> 00:23:39.069
Patrik Stas: it's faster, and we we managed to wipe out 5,000 lines of code, so much more manageable as well maintainable.

190
00:23:46.160 --> 00:23:58.849
Patrik Stas: Okay. And then, as for the award in progress goes that slightly links into what we would we touched on in the when we're looking at the architect architecture diagram

191
00:23:58.910 --> 00:24:07.620
Patrik Stas: about the Vvr tools so as as as per the issue which has been created. A couple of days ago. 5 days ago

192
00:24:09.630 --> 00:24:13.720
Patrik Stas: we we started moving

193
00:24:14.020 --> 00:24:19.979
Patrik Stas: Vdr. Tools under the Area's Ecx repository itself.

194
00:24:20.040 --> 00:24:21.150
Patrik Stas: So

195
00:24:21.210 --> 00:24:29.420
Patrik Stas: up until now well, it's technically Still, right now we are using a particular fork.

196
00:24:29.490 --> 00:24:30.520
Patrik Stas: Oh.

197
00:24:30.650 --> 00:24:32.410
Patrik Stas: Vdr. Tools

198
00:24:34.340 --> 00:24:52.129
Patrik Stas: also Vdr tools from this fork. So this was for from ever-name version of Vdr tools, and Vdr Tools itself is fork of what originally used to be known as living the in Hyper Ledger in the SDK

199
00:24:52.140 --> 00:24:58.880
Patrik Stas: repulsory. So what we are doing now we are taking this particular revision we have here from this fork.

200
00:24:58.980 --> 00:25:01.670
Patrik Stas: and we have

201
00:25:03.120 --> 00:25:21.600
Patrik Stas: well, we have open. Pr. Now, where we kind of picked out the the get 3 from the for repository. For this particular piece of the reposter we are interested it, which is the Vdr tools a directory.

202
00:25:22.990 --> 00:25:27.920
Patrik Stas: So these are pretty much. This is dating back to the comments from

203
00:25:28.140 --> 00:25:29.899
Patrik Stas: from ever name

204
00:25:29.960 --> 00:25:32.590
all the way to our latest

205
00:25:32.700 --> 00:25:35.140
Patrik Stas: a modification in the fork.

206
00:25:35.230 --> 00:25:44.040
Patrik Stas: And yeah, the idea is we're gonna bring it here under under our, and this will give us better flexibility in

207
00:25:44.060 --> 00:25:45.689
Patrik Stas: trimming it down

208
00:25:45.750 --> 00:25:49.409
Patrik Stas: and just cutting down the cutting of the dependencies.

209
00:25:49.510 --> 00:25:52.359
Patrik Stas: and eventually just removing this

210
00:25:52.470 --> 00:26:12.289
Patrik Stas: portion of code completely, or possibly just leaving, like the minimal, really minimal set. Maybe if we want to keep the the what implementation in parallel with us car, or you know, at least until the uscar is ready, and we have migrations and stuff like that

211
00:26:23.810 --> 00:26:26.090
all all clear on

212
00:26:26.340 --> 00:26:27.480
Patrik Stas: on this piece.

213
00:26:28.700 --> 00:26:36.319
ckowald: Yeah, if i'm understanding correctly, you you, you're taking a copy of a subset of the video tools code. Is that

214
00:26:37.020 --> 00:26:42.410
ckowald: so? You kind of decoupling it from that? So any future changes to the main branch.

215
00:26:42.800 --> 00:26:49.700
ckowald: you you're not. You're gonna have to replicate if you care about them or you're thinking. Eventually you'll abandon that and just go to as car, anyhow.

216
00:26:51.160 --> 00:27:00.710
Patrik Stas: Yeah. So we are basically taking copy of the portion of the repulsory, and we'll just yeah start trimming it, Start trimming it down. So we're gonna have a

217
00:27:00.910 --> 00:27:10.250
Patrik Stas: we're gonna have a new Directory here now, Vdr: tools, and we will use that instead of the Fork Github

218
00:27:10.550 --> 00:27:16.129
Patrik Stas: dependency. But yeah, eventually we want to. You know, to me, down to the point where

219
00:27:17.260 --> 00:27:19.300
Patrik Stas: it doesn't contain much code.

220
00:27:19.550 --> 00:27:34.300
Patrik Stas: Yeah. And yeah, possibly, you know, once we have to ask our implementation in integration ready, then we might even delete the Vdr tools completely.

221
00:27:35.480 --> 00:27:36.300
ckowald: Right?

222
00:27:36.710 --> 00:27:38.180
ckowald: Okay. Cool.

223
00:27:38.550 --> 00:27:43.269
Patrik Stas: So we can like, you know, this this way. We are really just, I guess.

224
00:27:44.130 --> 00:27:57.889
Patrik Stas: of of officially taken lead with that fork, and not expecting any updates from ever name anymore, we which which we could kind of sink into or hardness, just make it in completely new fork, but

225
00:27:58.380 --> 00:28:08.239
Patrik Stas: not in the some remote repository, but under Aries DC. To make the development more transparent, and use the same governance process

226
00:28:08.520 --> 00:28:10.730
Patrik Stas: here

227
00:28:10.870 --> 00:28:16.830
Patrik Stas: as opposed to just doing something on our own in some the plot fork somewhere else.

228
00:28:18.670 --> 00:28:26.190
ckowald: Okay, can I? I can. I ask a sort of maybe related, but maybe not question. I i'm, I'm very new to the

229
00:28:26.420 --> 00:28:32.560
ckowald: SSI d I community and concept. So there's a lot of history that i'm not aware of.

230
00:28:34.120 --> 00:28:36.139
ckowald: I don't know if you can answer this one. But

231
00:28:36.200 --> 00:28:36.850
ckowald: I

232
00:28:36.940 --> 00:28:43.739
ckowald: is. Do you understand why there's a general shift away from the Indie wallet to the as car wallet is there?

233
00:28:44.460 --> 00:28:46.070
ckowald: I I

234
00:28:46.110 --> 00:28:55.440
Patrik Stas: because, you know, if you look at that in the SDK repository, basically nobody is really maintaining it anymore. I mean.

235
00:28:55.750 --> 00:28:56.920
Patrik Stas: oh, okay.

236
00:28:57.090 --> 00:29:02.499
Patrik Stas: move the last commit move in active maintainer and marriage status.

237
00:29:02.850 --> 00:29:08.109
Patrik Stas: I I don't know if there's any active maintainer any more at this point

238
00:29:08.170 --> 00:29:09.380
Patrik Stas: is there.

239
00:29:11.840 --> 00:29:14.310
Patrik Stas: So there's some names segregate.

240
00:29:14.480 --> 00:29:19.349
Patrik Stas: But yeah, there's very little activity here. And

241
00:29:19.820 --> 00:29:27.460
Patrik Stas: basically the what here? Those those 2 implementations of the wallet in the in the SDK:

242
00:29:27.850 --> 00:29:28.560
ckowald: Yeah.

243
00:29:28.630 --> 00:29:38.069
Patrik Stas: one of them was I like the I Was it the? And that was the native usually used by devices.

244
00:29:38.140 --> 00:29:40.710
Patrik Stas: The other one was kind of

245
00:29:40.880 --> 00:29:48.889
Patrik Stas: for plugin architecture. There was a post for a post-second implementation.

246
00:29:49.070 --> 00:29:51.840
Patrik Stas: But basically

247
00:29:52.170 --> 00:29:59.839
Patrik Stas: the problem with this part of this implementation is especially with the postc 2. One is that the code base. Just

248
00:30:00.130 --> 00:30:17.119
Patrik Stas: it. It's old code base, and it's not using us in a way at all. So any, for example, if you use the post for sequel what you know a new mate, and it took you a 50 ms round trip to the post recipient.

249
00:30:17.390 --> 00:30:24.729
Patrik Stas: It will just block CPU for 50 ms. So for these reasons it was not really usable, you know, at scale

250
00:30:25.360 --> 00:30:26.810
Patrik Stas: and

251
00:30:27.070 --> 00:30:39.029
Patrik Stas: and people just moved away. For for one, I guess that was one of the reasons into those smaller repositories, and also just by.

252
00:30:39.120 --> 00:30:47.649
Patrik Stas: I I guess, like just general practice kind of like code architecture practice. It was a monolithic repo. And

253
00:30:47.740 --> 00:30:50.029
Patrik Stas: if you think about it, wallet.

254
00:30:50.130 --> 00:30:55.110
Patrik Stas: ledger access and dealing with credentials are, you know, all kind of

255
00:30:55.320 --> 00:30:57.170
Patrik Stas: really separate problems.

256
00:30:57.190 --> 00:31:03.880
Patrik Stas: But here it was just intertwined into one code base, and that had lots of

257
00:31:05.480 --> 00:31:09.500
Patrik Stas: you know, things to be improved, for example, the

258
00:31:09.730 --> 00:31:25.360
Patrik Stas: and maybe to give you like additional background story. Basically, why are we now, you know, in there is, we say, using Vdr tools is what happened. Is ever name the original contributors and maintain there's this in this the key code base

259
00:31:26.730 --> 00:31:28.720
Patrik Stas: because of some

260
00:31:28.940 --> 00:31:38.440
Patrik Stas: like the the community, and ever the ever name and community couldn't come to agreement on certain terms. So they for this whole repulsory

261
00:31:38.460 --> 00:31:42.889
Patrik Stas: under the you know, the Vdr tools.

262
00:31:43.430 --> 00:31:52.969
Patrik Stas: They rebranded it as Vdr tools, and they've implemented like a bunch of really great stuff. They did as sync avoid wall ads.

263
00:31:54.720 --> 00:31:57.690
Patrik Stas: refactored. Call base a lot.

264
00:31:58.660 --> 00:32:10.060
Patrik Stas: And so that's why we kind of migrated over there because we, you know it. But it was maybe a year ago. We didn't really see any future here. We started using Vdr tools. Now

265
00:32:10.070 --> 00:32:29.800
Patrik Stas: the the community can. The original community from in the SDK moved on to those module libraries which are, you know, I think, away they are like nice, clean, modular. So I think. Yeah, that's kind of the next step, because the Vdr tools itself as well, is at this point not really maintained by ever name either.

266
00:32:30.660 --> 00:32:34.579
ckowald: And now we're moving from V. Our tools towards Ascar.

267
00:32:34.920 --> 00:32:49.379
Patrik Stas: Yeah, no, no, yeah, exactly. And temporarily, you know, we are taking basically started to maintain the Vdr tools for on our own. Now, moving into the a. Is V. 6 repository with the go of eventually eliminating it completely.

268
00:32:50.670 --> 00:32:58.070
ckowald: Yeah, I suppose my follow up thinking was, You know, as long as we understand why we're moving from via to as car.

269
00:32:58.410 --> 00:33:00.940
ckowald: The how do I express this?

270
00:33:01.140 --> 00:33:16.569
ckowald: If If the VR tools gets updated so that it sort of becomes, you know, in quotes better than as car, whether or not we'd ever want to move back, but it doesn't it doesn't sound like that's a likely thing given that the nature of em. It's sort of discontinuing support for this stuff.

271
00:33:17.100 --> 00:33:31.279
Patrik Stas: Oh, yeah, Well, you know as far as to what you know definitely the future is in those like modules, right? Libraries like credit for the credit. Well, more precisely, I guess. I'm on credit Rs for dealing with credentials.

272
00:33:31.310 --> 00:33:32.470
Patrik Stas: And then.

273
00:33:32.660 --> 00:33:45.980
Patrik Stas: yeah, in the Vdr. For dealing with the ledger. But as for the world goes, you know we are me as a representative from upset. We are actually using the my sequel implementation of the

274
00:33:46.500 --> 00:33:47.899
Patrik Stas: Vvr tools.

275
00:33:48.030 --> 00:33:50.399
Patrik Stas: and we are happy with it. So

276
00:33:50.410 --> 00:34:09.669
Patrik Stas: it's for the uscar goes like we definitely want to add to support that in this kind of modular fashion. At the same time I don't know if we will read, You know, as the Upsa, we will really want to migrate to ask our, because currently we don't have any issues with the Mysql implementation for, like the issue very far

277
00:34:09.679 --> 00:34:11.259
kind of software

278
00:34:11.449 --> 00:34:15.970
Patrik Stas: but for the mobile devices. I guess

279
00:34:16.159 --> 00:34:30.899
Patrik Stas: I don't know how different the uscar is from the the implementation Vdr: tools. But I think, yeah, the optimal solution for the world would be just, you know, have multiple implementations and

280
00:34:30.960 --> 00:34:42.740
Patrik Stas: and let anyone choose to one they want to. They want to choose. But I know maybe we'll run into complications with that approach to change the perspective.

281
00:34:42.900 --> 00:34:44.049
Patrik Stas: But

282
00:34:44.710 --> 00:34:52.030
Patrik Stas: I can see at this point it's like go going, you know, in mid medium term. We would like to maintain.

283
00:34:52.159 --> 00:35:02.010
Patrik Stas: We would like to keep at least the wallet out of Vdr tools, but definitely want to dump all the other stuff like the credentials and the ledger stuff.

284
00:35:02.730 --> 00:35:03.680
ckowald: Okay.

285
00:35:03.830 --> 00:35:11.309
ckowald: I I I had the impression anecdotally that the Indie wallet was. There was some sort of performance or scalability issues, but I guess that

286
00:35:11.600 --> 00:35:13.400
ckowald: I guess that would be on the

287
00:35:13.530 --> 00:35:21.310
ckowald: You know the postgres sequel side of it. You're talking about not using the away Async kind of functionality. So it sounds like you're saying that the

288
00:35:21.620 --> 00:35:25.099
ckowald: the Sq. Light side of it's pretty good, and you're quite happy with it.

289
00:35:25.810 --> 00:35:45.239
Patrik Stas: Yeah, you know Generally this when you look at like the kind of the those wallet interfaces in Vdr tools, they are all like asking Oriented, whereas in the original it was just synchronous calls. So whether it's like what, whether you know, when we we talk in terms of sequel, what or or

290
00:35:45.250 --> 00:35:49.089
Patrik Stas: some database will at like.

291
00:35:51.030 --> 00:36:02.080
Patrik Stas: those can all be implemented in sink a white fashion, you know, with Vdr tools, implementation cool, I understand. Thank you. Sorry for the distraction.

292
00:36:02.340 --> 00:36:09.340
Patrik Stas: Oh, it's a it's it's you know the the meeting is to have discussion. So i'm a happy one.

293
00:36:09.540 --> 00:36:12.039
Patrik Stas: Thanks for people. People ask or discuss.

294
00:36:13.050 --> 00:36:13.790
ckowald: Thanks.

295
00:36:16.970 --> 00:36:21.989
Yeah, so that's that's what's going on right now, and

296
00:36:22.690 --> 00:36:41.020
Patrik Stas: for the upcoming work. I guess i'll start with this one, because this mostly ties to what's going on. I saw I saw that, George, you're pushing some comments today into the the verifier. I didn't have time to look at it, but I guess

297
00:36:41.030 --> 00:36:45.420
Patrik Stas: in in in that sense they could move this piece

298
00:36:46.750 --> 00:36:56.810
Patrik Stas: into the progress, so can you give a short update on this? Have you managed to fix those those some failing tests? Right? Have you managed to overcome those issues.

299
00:36:57.120 --> 00:36:58.380
George Mulhearn: Yeah.

300
00:36:58.630 --> 00:37:02.590
George Mulhearn: I I just put a Pr. Up for it just before this meeting

301
00:37:03.120 --> 00:37:09.309
George Mulhearn: moved it from the draft to ready to review. But yeah, it was just an issue with error. Mapping

302
00:37:10.830 --> 00:37:15.560
George Mulhearn: and credits was kind of wrapping up the error in a weird way, so I had to

303
00:37:15.750 --> 00:37:18.060
George Mulhearn: figure out how to unravel that. But

304
00:37:18.940 --> 00:37:19.740
George Mulhearn: yeah.

305
00:37:19.770 --> 00:37:22.340
George Mulhearn: it's a short Pr: so it shouldn't be

306
00:37:22.700 --> 00:37:25.259
George Mulhearn: to that. The the issue

307
00:37:25.520 --> 00:37:28.880
George Mulhearn: Critics: Pr: will be much bigger.

308
00:37:29.440 --> 00:37:32.690
George Mulhearn: And yeah, that'll be the most telling. Pr: I think.

309
00:37:33.050 --> 00:37:43.729
Patrik Stas: Just wondering. Have you? Have you had the chance to, you know? Do any sort of attempt into any, into into into issue, or yet, or it just something still ahead of us.

310
00:37:43.760 --> 00:37:44.569
Patrik Stas: Yet.

311
00:37:44.920 --> 00:37:58.510
George Mulhearn: Yeah, it's it's mostly ahead. I I mean, there was some existing Apis that were done with my original Pr. Which were issue a related like the ability to write a did

312
00:37:59.100 --> 00:38:01.370
George Mulhearn: was done with credits.

313
00:38:01.500 --> 00:38:02.870
So

314
00:38:03.210 --> 00:38:04.950
George Mulhearn: there is some riding

315
00:38:05.220 --> 00:38:10.539
George Mulhearn: existing right to ledger functionality that's been written in.

316
00:38:11.230 --> 00:38:13.669
George Mulhearn: Sorry not credit in Indivia.

317
00:38:13.970 --> 00:38:16.480
George Mulhearn: So some of that's done.

318
00:38:17.380 --> 00:38:19.589
George Mulhearn: And then yeah, I guess

319
00:38:19.760 --> 00:38:24.919
George Mulhearn: just need to give it a go. It it shouldn't be too difficult sort of following the same pattern that

320
00:38:24.970 --> 00:38:26.240
George Mulhearn: it's already been done

321
00:38:26.650 --> 00:38:42.879
Patrik Stas: right right, I guess. Like, yeah, my, my my main concern is just the the compatibility. So I would like to make sure. I know when when we do this, if it's possible, if it's possible.

322
00:38:42.970 --> 00:38:45.290
Patrik Stas: I would like to see if we can

323
00:38:46.500 --> 00:38:49.500
Patrik Stas: like, accommodate case where

324
00:38:49.800 --> 00:38:54.099
Patrik Stas: you create a let's say credential definition with

325
00:38:54.270 --> 00:38:56.360
Patrik Stas: video like we'd.

326
00:38:57.470 --> 00:39:00.580
Patrik Stas: Pdr tools, implementation and

327
00:39:00.750 --> 00:39:03.729
Patrik Stas: from desk

328
00:39:04.720 --> 00:39:07.170
credential definition. But using the

329
00:39:08.010 --> 00:39:11.220
Patrik Stas: you know, the the the credits, libraries.

330
00:39:12.080 --> 00:39:14.900
any any issues with that?

331
00:39:15.420 --> 00:39:20.470
George Mulhearn: Yeah. And the way how it's it in wallet or something like that.

332
00:39:21.500 --> 00:39:27.789
George Mulhearn: Yeah. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. We kind of need to test the like the different permutations of it.

333
00:39:28.260 --> 00:39:34.629
George Mulhearn: you know. Indeed, to indie in the modular modular to indie modular.

334
00:39:34.890 --> 00:39:54.560
Patrik Stas: Yeah, I I I guess I will then like we we wouldn't necessarily need the modular to the Indie is like, I think nobody you know, would be making that kind of step backwards like starting with credits to the to the Indie. Would you plan to delete? But just just kinda moving forward.

335
00:39:55.590 --> 00:39:59.039
Patrik Stas: See? We can. We can implement it kind of

336
00:39:59.090 --> 00:40:01.509
Patrik Stas: some sort of migration support.

337
00:40:02.220 --> 00:40:05.689
Patrik Stas: or if not, then not, you know.

338
00:40:05.980 --> 00:40:11.079
Patrik Stas: Yeah, I guess we'll see what kind of challenges is is there ahead of us? But I think like

339
00:40:11.140 --> 00:40:14.730
Patrik Stas: that that could be a good approach to just like start

340
00:40:15.390 --> 00:40:19.260
Patrik Stas: like start small, just find like one

341
00:40:19.780 --> 00:40:23.589
Patrik Stas: area to migrate, for example, creating those traditional.

342
00:40:24.110 --> 00:40:28.999
Patrik Stas: literally. Basically yeah, maybe issuing a credential right? So

343
00:40:29.310 --> 00:40:30.629
Patrik Stas: you would

344
00:40:30.880 --> 00:40:34.410
Patrik Stas: you could you could we we could have a test to recreate

345
00:40:34.430 --> 00:40:35.939
Patrik Stas: the credential

346
00:40:36.230 --> 00:40:37.529
Patrik Stas: with.

347
00:40:38.150 --> 00:40:41.170
Patrik Stas: We credential definition and schema with

348
00:40:41.210 --> 00:40:51.520
Patrik Stas: with Indie, and then just implement the you know the functions necessarily for issuance, and try to see if we can actually issue from that

349
00:40:51.610 --> 00:40:54.500
George Mulhearn: original credential definition.

350
00:40:55.170 --> 00:40:56.770
Patrik Stas: and then move like.

351
00:40:57.400 --> 00:41:05.009
Patrik Stas: move forward like you know. I guess if we see that that works, and we can start implementing like other other functions

352
00:41:05.090 --> 00:41:10.680
Patrik Stas: for the for the issue, or like, maybe start writing those schemas and

353
00:41:10.850 --> 00:41:15.220
Patrik Stas: credential definition revocation registry, this kind of stuff.

354
00:41:15.690 --> 00:41:16.669
Patrik Stas: But

355
00:41:18.880 --> 00:41:22.549
George Mulhearn: yeah, that doesn't make sense. Yeah, yeah, definitely.

356
00:41:24.560 --> 00:41:26.419
George Mulhearn: i'll get on to that after

357
00:41:26.590 --> 00:41:28.679
George Mulhearn: that Pr: the verify up here.

358
00:41:29.080 --> 00:41:31.380
Patrik Stas: Maybe we can. Actually, I have.

359
00:41:31.930 --> 00:41:34.500
Patrik Stas: I have created the like

360
00:41:34.710 --> 00:41:38.210
Patrik Stas: some issue to address this testing.

361
00:41:38.310 --> 00:41:42.350
Patrik Stas: but I think I didn't really describe it much.

362
00:41:42.750 --> 00:41:48.849
Patrik Stas: But yeah, this is like kind of full bone. And but I think this is actually too much to get

363
00:41:48.900 --> 00:41:49.740
Patrik Stas: like

364
00:41:49.860 --> 00:41:51.479
Patrik Stas: this is to

365
00:41:51.560 --> 00:41:53.310
Patrik Stas: big

366
00:41:53.360 --> 00:41:56.499
Patrik Stas: piece of a. K. To start with.

367
00:41:56.560 --> 00:42:03.970
Patrik Stas: Yeah, I I think we should. We should describe some minimum W. More minimal scenario.

368
00:42:04.230 --> 00:42:10.300
Patrik Stas: Just so we can go incrementally because this is assuming everything to be implemented by

369
00:42:10.590 --> 00:42:15.629
Patrik Stas: by the by, the critics approach. But we can take a smaller steps.

370
00:42:16.490 --> 00:42:23.080
Patrik Stas: So yeah, i'll try to add, like some additional proposal here for for the test we can

371
00:42:23.750 --> 00:42:24.959
Patrik Stas: start with

372
00:42:25.120 --> 00:42:26.370
Patrik Stas: after the meeting.

373
00:42:29.290 --> 00:42:37.150
Patrik Stas: Oh, okay. And as for the stuff we have, yeah, the upcoming upcoming things. So

374
00:42:37.200 --> 00:42:51.210
Patrik Stas: a task which I took over is I started to look how we can improve. Ci. Currently, there's a stability issues because sometimes code code

375
00:42:51.260 --> 00:42:57.250
Patrik Stas: just fails to kind of receive the coverage data, or I don't know if it's networking issues in

376
00:42:57.510 --> 00:43:02.830
Patrik Stas: Github pipelines. I don't know what the issue is, but sometimes we get like

377
00:43:03.250 --> 00:43:12.200
Patrik Stas: error codes from the or or just some time out, or something like that from the servers of Code Code Covio. And

378
00:43:12.530 --> 00:43:14.849
Patrik Stas: and so we could kind of

379
00:43:15.130 --> 00:43:34.970
Patrik Stas: solution could be that we just. We try to re upload the coverage files. The problem is right now. It's kind of bundled together with the running the test itself. So the idea is to split the testing with code coverage Ca: calculation separately, and then have separate job

380
00:43:34.980 --> 00:43:44.920
Patrik Stas: for uploading the code coverage we could, which could implement some sort of rate. Try logic if we get to fail failed response from from code to

381
00:43:45.070 --> 00:43:46.009
Patrik Stas: I/O,

382
00:43:46.840 --> 00:43:50.660
Patrik Stas: So that's that's one. See improvement

383
00:43:51.130 --> 00:43:59.399
Patrik Stas: After this I believe that the the Ci should be really stable, because we no longer have the

384
00:43:59.590 --> 00:44:08.600
Patrik Stas: no just issues, and this is also common source of a failed pipelines so sure, much more stable afterwards

385
00:44:13.340 --> 00:44:17.269
moving to the next point. So

386
00:44:21.140 --> 00:44:32.050
Patrik Stas: I guess i'll move here first. I think that's more important. Actually. So, like going forward. We'll want to try to start streaming down the Vd article base

387
00:44:34.240 --> 00:44:47.390
Patrik Stas: just by like kind of brief look. I saw like few dependencies which did not have to be there. There was some unnecessary in in a. In a progress, and working on

388
00:44:47.440 --> 00:44:53.310
Patrik Stas: this Pr. Previously with the Vdr. Tools or mapping, I've noticed there's

389
00:44:53.420 --> 00:44:59.449
Patrik Stas: number of errors in Vdr tools which also don't really make sense anymore.

390
00:44:59.660 --> 00:45:04.570
Patrik Stas: Just, for example, there was

391
00:45:04.880 --> 00:45:07.509
Patrik Stas: errors related to payments

392
00:45:08.030 --> 00:45:15.809
Patrik Stas: in Vdr tools, because originally V. The the in the Ledger was supposed to support payments to

393
00:45:15.950 --> 00:45:21.580
Patrik Stas: with some tokens. So there's errors like payment source does not exist.

394
00:45:21.670 --> 00:45:38.079
Patrik Stas: And obviously this just like not the type of errors we need to deal with or think about anymore. So there's stuff like this which can be cleared up, and consequently to also clean up the code, base

395
00:45:38.510 --> 00:45:40.049
a little bit

396
00:45:40.070 --> 00:45:41.379
Patrik Stas: as well.

397
00:45:41.760 --> 00:45:54.150
Patrik Stas: also removing some dependencies. Hence producing chances of some sort of dependency complex when we are integrating new dependencies, like Arizona, for example.

398
00:45:55.530 --> 00:46:01.690
Patrik Stas: So we will work on like trimming down the code base also, possibly

399
00:46:02.340 --> 00:46:12.399
Patrik Stas: just completely wipe out the portion of the Vdr to call base, which deals with

400
00:46:14.060 --> 00:46:17.059
Patrik Stas: functions related to holder. And

401
00:46:17.260 --> 00:46:23.100
Patrik Stas: as this all has been already implemented with the credits libraries.

402
00:46:24.120 --> 00:46:25.569
Patrik Stas: and

403
00:46:27.370 --> 00:46:28.180
Patrik Stas: yeah.

404
00:46:29.090 --> 00:46:32.699
Patrik Stas: so so basically if we implement, support.

405
00:46:34.390 --> 00:46:37.020
Patrik Stas: kind of integrate this into

406
00:46:37.600 --> 00:46:41.910
Patrik Stas: the the credit, support for holder and

407
00:46:44.040 --> 00:46:55.320
Patrik Stas: prover, to the make sure that it's backwards comp compatible for the existing what they can still keep, proving with the old credentials

408
00:46:55.520 --> 00:46:56.839
Patrik Stas: which they should.

409
00:47:00.230 --> 00:47:09.679
Patrik Stas: Then we can, yeah do it. Probably significant portion of the Vdr tools which just deals with proving and and holding credentials.

410
00:47:10.590 --> 00:47:19.019
Patrik Stas: and I guess and basically they will be like the theme, the the strategy going forward. For you know, once we kind of manage to

411
00:47:19.440 --> 00:47:24.130
Patrik Stas: implement the support for the for the issue and verify, we can again

412
00:47:24.490 --> 00:47:30.740
Patrik Stas: remove the portion of the Vdr to school base, which which deals with those issues, those problems.

413
00:47:31.170 --> 00:47:34.090
Patrik Stas: And and that yeah, then the the

414
00:47:34.130 --> 00:47:46.070
Patrik Stas: or when they skipped here, kind of after a long time, a creative task to actually add something new to the code base. So there's an issue created

415
00:47:46.450 --> 00:47:48.699
Patrik Stas: to to come up with

416
00:47:48.830 --> 00:47:52.389
Patrik Stas: the design that you tried for Video resolver.

417
00:47:54.250 --> 00:48:05.809
Patrik Stas: We could have implementation for that dissolved basically port kind of fitting the existing code under implementation under the initial implementation

418
00:48:05.980 --> 00:48:09.629
Patrik Stas: for this new trade. We could then also add

419
00:48:10.160 --> 00:48:20.229
Patrik Stas: implementation for did ending as a new new, the Id method which will be supported on in the ledgers.

420
00:48:20.460 --> 00:48:25.329
Patrik Stas: I don't know what the timeline are, but I I would believe it's this year.

421
00:48:27.390 --> 00:48:31.039
Patrik Stas: and also considering, adding like something like

422
00:48:31.350 --> 00:48:39.130
Patrik Stas: resolving through a third trusted third party to trust a third party, such as you need resolver, although obviously this.

423
00:48:39.540 --> 00:48:48.250
Patrik Stas: it's not ideal to resolve the Ids through a third parties. But it could be like just experimental.

424
00:48:53.280 --> 00:49:01.769
Patrik Stas: Yeah. And I believe this this whole thing probably could be like, create on its own like. I imagine this could be useful for

425
00:49:01.980 --> 00:49:03.500
Patrik Stas: other projects.

426
00:49:03.710 --> 00:49:16.720
Patrik Stas: you know. Whoever wants to resolve the the the Id documents in rust. This could be pretty generic create which you can use to, you know. Resolve.

427
00:49:17.870 --> 00:49:27.550
Patrik Stas: resolve the Ids whether it's did solve the Dnd, or you know, possibly might other. We might add other kind of native implementations.

428
00:49:27.920 --> 00:49:31.269
rust implementations for other

429
00:49:31.820 --> 00:49:33.160
Patrik Stas: and the adding methods.

430
00:49:33.350 --> 00:49:35.499
Patrik Stas: or, in the meantime

431
00:49:35.530 --> 00:49:40.449
Patrik Stas: just hook into a trusted party like you. You need a resolver.

432
00:49:45.880 --> 00:49:49.340
Any any thoughts or comments about this. One

433
00:49:52.880 --> 00:49:53.890
George Mulhearn: looks good.

434
00:49:57.680 --> 00:49:58.810
Patrik Stas: all right.

435
00:50:00.150 --> 00:50:06.790
Patrik Stas: so I guess that brings us to the kind of end of the meeting. We covered everything

436
00:50:07.240 --> 00:50:09.910
on the agenda.

437
00:50:10.940 --> 00:50:13.299
Patrik Stas: So unless

438
00:50:13.860 --> 00:50:17.560
Patrik Stas: unless there's anything else from your your guy side.

439
00:50:17.640 --> 00:50:19.999
we can finish the meeting.

440
00:50:20.070 --> 00:50:25.790
Patrik Stas: Do you have any any discussion point? You might have thought, you know, throughout the meeting.

441
00:50:26.090 --> 00:50:28.429
Patrik Stas: if, before we close all

442
00:50:31.460 --> 00:50:35.929
George Mulhearn: I started working on a unify rapper

443
00:50:36.110 --> 00:50:38.459
sort of proof of concept thing.

444
00:50:38.740 --> 00:50:41.750
George Mulhearn: No real objects yet. But

445
00:50:42.590 --> 00:50:51.450
Patrik Stas: I guess hopefully, there's an update next week, and i'll let you know that

446
00:50:52.180 --> 00:51:02.720
Patrik Stas: awesome that that would be really interesting to see. I'm: sure people could their inspiration when building new new wrappers or new new applications.

447
00:51:02.830 --> 00:51:07.449
Patrik Stas: Oh, yeah, that that's exciting. Thank you so much for this effort.

448
00:51:08.170 --> 00:51:14.000
George Mulhearn: so good. Oh, also I noticed something earlier when we were looking at the

449
00:51:14.290 --> 00:51:16.969
George Mulhearn: the read me for Aries Vcx.

450
00:51:18.660 --> 00:51:21.030
George Mulhearn: So I guess in the read me, and

451
00:51:21.070 --> 00:51:23.729
George Mulhearn: what I've been doing, and what you've been doing is

452
00:51:23.880 --> 00:51:25.749
George Mulhearn: pulling from the

453
00:51:26.000 --> 00:51:30.530
George Mulhearn: the docker image that you've uploaded to Docker. Hub.

454
00:51:31.010 --> 00:51:34.040
George Mulhearn: Oh, yeah, yeah. I was wondering. Is it possible

455
00:51:34.450 --> 00:51:38.049
George Mulhearn: for it to be published to Docker Hub sort of on the

456
00:51:38.570 --> 00:51:41.990
George Mulhearn: Hyper Ledger Aries, Vcx, rather than

457
00:51:42.140 --> 00:51:52.360
Patrik Stas: we could publish it. I I I don't know if there's account for hypology on the Docker app. We we could publish it on the

458
00:51:52.380 --> 00:51:56.169
Patrik Stas: the Github get up registry instead.

459
00:51:56.200 --> 00:51:57.179
Nice?

460
00:51:58.760 --> 00:52:05.580
George Mulhearn: Yeah, we can do that for sure.

461
00:52:05.840 --> 00:52:12.109
Patrik Stas: Yeah, yeah, these are all do for images. And apparently there is actually some in the pool here.

462
00:52:12.500 --> 00:52:14.400
Patrik Stas: but i'm not sure.

463
00:52:14.760 --> 00:52:16.889
Patrik Stas: I'm not quite sure.

464
00:52:17.100 --> 00:52:27.320
Patrik Stas: And obviously in the Ci we are using in the pool with local host. I don't remember if we are building it. No, we are using the the one from the docker Hub as well.

465
00:52:27.430 --> 00:52:42.169
Patrik Stas: But yeah, apparently we have some old in the pool images here, which is not really being used. Not many downloads. I'll take a look into this, and i'll ping you i'll i'll. I'll ping you on the discord.

466
00:52:42.890 --> 00:52:44.909
Once we have this sorted out.

467
00:52:45.520 --> 00:52:46.970
George Mulhearn: Okay, Great thanks.

468
00:52:55.540 --> 00:52:59.990
Patrik Stas: Okay, I guess. With that

469
00:53:01.450 --> 00:53:05.160
Patrik Stas: that being said uncovered.

470
00:53:07.120 --> 00:53:24.390
Patrik Stas: you have 8 min left extra of your time. I we meeting. We are finishing this earlier. So thank you both for joining in and also thanks for anyone for tuning into the recording. Possibly.

471
00:53:25.740 --> 00:53:29.909
Patrik Stas: So. Yeah, have a. It's it's almost weekend. So

472
00:53:30.340 --> 00:53:33.589
Patrik Stas: have a have a nice weekend and the rest of the week.

473
00:53:33.670 --> 00:53:34.620
Patrik Stas: Thank you.

474
00:53:35.070 --> 00:53:37.509
George Mulhearn: Thank you. You, too. Thanks, guys.

475
00:53:37.770 --> 00:53:39.619
George Mulhearn: Thanks to you.

