1. [Collaborative Learning Program](index.html)
2. [Collaborative Learning Program](Collaborative-Learning-Program_20283412.html)
3. [2023 CLP projects](2023-CLP-projects_20295338.html)

# Collaborative Learning Program : Improve Documentation for DRMan, Generate &amp; Publish Github pages using mkdocs

Created by Arun Prakash, last modified by Min Yu on Dec 04, 2023

**Project Title**Improve Documentation for DRMan, Generate &amp; Publish GitHub  pages using mkdocs**Status**

CANCELLED

**Primary Focus**

CODING DOCUMENTATION  RESEARCH

# Description

The task is to improve the documentation for DRMan, which aims to develop a utility for managing Verifiable Credential Registries. The core functionalities include creating, verifying, modifying, and revoking credentials, as well as managing DIDs. The project requires the creation of a DID registry for an organization, onboarding of members, and management of APIs needed to add/update/revoke access to DIDs or DID documents. The mentee is expected to use MKDocs to document the project and make it production-ready for future use.

# Additional Information

The project  [DRman](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman) has an end goal of developing a stand-alone utility to provision Verifiable Credential Registries \[VCR]. The utility can also be used to administer the registry containing credentials issued by the organizations.  The functionalities like creation, verification, modification, and revocation of credentials, form the core of this project as it enables the administrator to manage the VCR with ease. 

The significant aspects to be considered here are Creation, Onboarding (Enable/Restrict Access) of members, and Management(add/update/revoke) of DIDs.

a) Creation (of DID Registry): Function to create a DID Registry for an organization on Git. 

b) Onboarding: Function to add enable/restrict access to members of an organization to a repository (e.g., using a combination of GitHub private tokens, GitHub username &amp; users DID). 

c) Manage: Function to list APIs that are needed to add/update/revoke access DID’s or (DID Document) saved as files on the repo.

This summer, the project needs active mentees who can document the project using MKDocs, thus making it production ready for future.

# Learning Objectives

The mentee will have an opportunity to

- Develop technical writing and documentation skills using tools such as MKDocs
- Gain experience in contributing to an open-source project and collaborating with a development team
- Enhance understanding of Verifiable Credentials Registries (VCR) and their functionalities
- Learn Git and GitHub for version control and publishing documentation on GitHub pages
- Develop problem-solving skills by working on the project's core functionalities such as creation, onboarding, and management of DIDs.

# Expected Outcome

- Proficient in both written and verbal communication.
- Experienced in creating and improving technical documentation using mkdocs.
- Skilled in presenting code as documentation, easy to use and understand for future contributors.
- Knowledgeable in publishing documentation on Github pages, with expertise in Github for version control and collaboration.

# Relation to Hyperledger

GitHub/GitLab based DID registries that can be used by Hyperledger Ursa, Hyperledger Aries, or any other Hyperledger Framework that needs to interact with DID Registries 

# Mentee Skills

Graduate or master's students preferred. Please do take a look at the skills needed for DRman &amp; GitVCR..

# Mentee Open Source Contribution Experience

Any experience with content creation, blogging, GSoD could have additional value but is not strictly necessary

# Future plans

Our goal is to improve DRMan's capability to manage a complete DID Registry on GitHub and integrate it with GVCR. Eventually, we plan to incorporate the project into Hyperledger Labs. Accurate and comprehensive documentation will make it easier to attract more contributions and volunteers to the project.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Vinod Panicker ( [vinod.panicker@wipro.com](mailto:vinod.panicker@wipro.com))

Wei Yao ([weiyaobiz@outlook.com](mailto:weiyaobiz@outlook.com))

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
