1. [Collaborative Learning Program](index.html)
2. [Collaborative Learning Program](Collaborative-Learning-Program_20283412.html)
3. [2023 CLP projects](2023-CLP-projects_20295338.html)

# Collaborative Learning Program : Extend DRman &amp; GitVCR for Gitlab

Created by Arun Prakash, last modified by Vinod Panicker on Mar 11, 2024

**Project Title**Extend DRman &amp; GitVCR for Gitlab**Status**

CLP

**Primary Focus**

CODING DOCUMENTATION  RESEARCH

# Description

The project DRman aims to develop a standalone utility for Verifiable Credential Registries management. It includes functionalities like credential creation, verification, modification, and revocation, enabling easy management of the registry. The project has three significant aspects: DID Registry creation, member onboarding, and DID management. The project seeks to address migration issues by migrating the project from GitHub to GitLab to make it infrastructure-agnostic.

# Additional Information

The project  [DRman](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman) has an end goal of developing a stand-alone utility to provision Verifiable Credential Registries \[VCR]. The utility can also be used to administer the registry containing credentials issued by the organizations.  The functionalities like creation, verification, modification, and revocation of credentials, form the core of this project as it enables the administrator to manage the VCR with ease. 

The significant aspects to be considered here are Creation, Onboarding (Enable/Restrict Access) of members, and Management(add/update/revoke) of DIDs.

a) Creation (of DID Registry): Function to create a DID Registry for an organization on Git. 

b) Onboarding: Function to add enable/restrict access to members of an organization to a repository (e.g., using a combination of GitHub private tokens, GitHub username &amp; users DID). 

c) Manage: Function to list APIs that are needed to add/update/revoke access DID’s or (DID Document) saved as files on the repo.

This summer, the project holds a variety of interesting migration issues to be addressed that focus more on migrating the project from GitHub to GitLab, making it infra agnostic.

# Learning Objectives

The mentee will have an opportunity to learn

- Gain proficiency in using GitLab as a version control and collaboration platform.
- Learn how to migrate a project from GitHub to GitLab, including the process of converting the architecture into executable code.
- Develop hands-on experience using Hyperledger Aries, Ursa, and Indy, which are blockchain technologies relevant to the project.
- Build skills in Shell Scripting and RUST, which are programming languages utilized in the project.
- Develop an understanding of open-source contribution, documentation, and ownership by contributing to the project and potentially contributing to articles, blog posts, or white papers related to the project.

# Expected Outcome

- Enhance the existing command-line utility to automate the process of creating a DID Registry for the members of organizations using GitLab Verifiable Credential Registry.
- Implement the functionalities of onboarding members to the registry and managing access to DID's through adding, updating, and revoking access.
- Create high-quality markdown tutorial documentation and Swagger API documentation that is easy to understand and use for future contributors.
- Present the completed work at Hyperledger forums, demonstrating a deep understanding of the project's architecture and functionality.

# Relation to Hyperledger

GitHub/GitLab based DID registries that can be used by Hyperledger Ursa, Hyperledger Aries, or any other Hyperledger Framework that needs to interact with DID Registries 

# Mentee Skills

Graduate or master's students preferred. Please do take a look at the skills needed for DRman &amp; GitVCR.

# Mentee Open Source Contribution Experience

We are looking for a mentee who has prior experience in making open source contributions, preferably with at least one resolved open source issue in their portfolio.

# Future plans

Our goal is to elevate DRMan's capabilities to manage a comprehensive DID Registry on GitLab and seamlessly integrate it with GVCR. We anticipate seeding the project in Hyperledger Labs in the future to expand its reach and impact.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Vinod Panicker ( [vinod.panicker@wipro.com](mailto:vinod.panicker@wipro.com))

Wei Yao ([weiyaobiz@outlook.com](mailto:weiyaobiz@outlook.com))

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
