1. [Collaborative Learning Program](index.html)
2. [Collaborative Learning Program](Collaborative-Learning-Program_20283412.html)
3. [2023 CLP projects](2023-CLP-projects_20295338.html)

# Collaborative Learning Program : Student society chapter : onboarding and engagement

Created by Ravi singh, last modified on Oct 16, 2023

**Project Title**Student Chapter Society onboarding and engagement**Status**

CLP

**Primary Focus**

DOCUMENTATION  RESEARCH

# Description

The Hyperledger Foundation is seeking a mentee to assist the Hyperledger India chapter's student society in improving its new student chapter society membership and onboarding, marketing, and technical deck development efforts. The mentee will help organize developer events and conduct research to identify potential opportunities for increasing new student chapter society member onboarding and developer engagement. The mentee will be responsible for analyzing the education space, monitoring social media platforms such as LinkedIn and YouTube, and creating technical and promotional materials for outreach activities. In addition, the mentee will work with the Lead, student society to conduct market research and analysis on the latest trends in developer engagement strategies. The mentee will also contribute to the content calendar by posting on social media platforms regularly and monitoring analytics with the team to identify potential growth patterns and viable ideas.

# Additional Information

Reference Documents:

1. [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/LMDWG/](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/LMDWG/)
2. [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/LMDWG//New+Member+Welcome+Page](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/LMDWG//New+Member+Welcome+Page)
3. [https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HIRC/Starting+a+Student+Society](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HIRC/Starting+a+Student+Society)

# Learning Objectives

1. **Develop** an understanding of open-source ecosystems' functioning.
2. **Acquire proficiency** in creating engaging slide decks, tutorial videos, and digital educational content.
3. **Gain experience** in social media and marketing in the Indian **open-source developer environment** that aligns with the global arena.
4. **Collaborate** with the Hyperledger India chapter's student society to develop, implement, and continuously refine an engagement program with academic institutions.
5. Enhance design, implementation, documentation, and project management.

# Expected Outcome

1. Design and Develop student chapter society engagement campaigns that drive prospective developer engagement and contributions to the Hyperledger ecosystem.
2. Create an Onboarding tech deck for the Hyperledger project to provide initial support to the student chapter society.
3. Generate technical content for introductory training/workshops for the new student chapter society.
4. Build a student chapter society voice across various social media platforms.
5. Having fun during the process of learning.

# Relation to Hyperledger

Includes all the Hyperledger projects, tools, and frameworks.

# Educational Level

• Undergraduate or graduate students pursuing computer science or with a self-taught programming background.

or

• Graduate students with a marketing specialization and an undergraduate degree in computer science.

##### Mentee Skills **The following skills are required.**

1. Passion for open-source developer ecosystems.
2. Interest in relevant social media channels, including LinkedIn, YouTube, and Discord.
3. Creativity and love for visual storytelling through photos and videos.
4. Excellent documentation skills.
5. Experience in creative writing.
6. Familiarity with simple image and video editing tools (preferably open-source).
7. Excellent multitasking and organizational abilities.
8. Willingness to learn new tools/approaches as and when needed.

# Mentee Open Source Contribution Experience

- Interest or experience in Blockchain/DLT space.

# Future plans

The technical deck, presentations, videos, etc., prepared during the mentorship will be updated as needed. Processes and programs experimented with during this mentorship will be applied to future developer engagement activities.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

[Ravi singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6207b125f5d29a0068fd3a32?ref=confluence),

*Email:* ravipratap1428@gmail.com,

*Discord:* ravisingh#7919

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:13

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
