1. [Hyperledger Cello](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Cello](Hyperledger-Cello_21659650.html)
3. [Weekly Meeting](Weekly-Meeting_21659700.html)
4. [2019](2019_45252622.html)
5. [2019-Q2](2019-Q2_21659834.html)

# Hyperledger Cello : 2019-05-31

Created by Baohua Yang, last modified by Manank Jain on Jun 03, 2019

## Basic Info

- zoom [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community) rocket chat [https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello)
- Ongoing Jira task [https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues](https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues)
- Open Patchset for review [https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open)
- Project Wiki Page [https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello)

## Agenda

- Recent resolved issues 
  
  type key summary assignee reporter priority status resolution created updated due
  
  Unable to locate Jira server for this macro. It may be due to Application Link configuration.
- Agent containerization design spec
- Intern Mentor blog post ([hightall](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e9c4e0e0-079d-423a-b406-d1bcab2e0194?ref=confluence) [Luke Chan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:41573b41-33dc-492c-836d-536b50e9eb2a?ref=confluence)), how's going with the intern now?
- K8sCon in June preparation ([Henry Zhang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b1546269595132534bc2926?ref=confluence) [Luke Chan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:41573b41-33dc-492c-836d-536b50e9eb2a?ref=confluence))
- [Peng Du](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:40cfa3db-3ae0-4442-b843-16a107ce7b9f?ref=confluence) team will demo [https://github.com/cool-RR/PySnooper](https://github.com/cool-RR/PySnooper)
- Authentication and authorization and business operations discussions ([Tong Li (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:7579aadb-a578-4296-b576-84509b88eb92?ref=confluence))
- Will cancel next week meeting due to dragon boating festival.

## Attendee

**Please input your name before the meeting** 

- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence)
- [hightall](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e9c4e0e0-079d-423a-b406-d1bcab2e0194?ref=confluence)
- [Tong Li (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:7579aadb-a578-4296-b576-84509b88eb92?ref=confluence)
- [Luke Chan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:41573b41-33dc-492c-836d-536b50e9eb2a?ref=confluence)
- [Peng Du](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:40cfa3db-3ae0-4442-b843-16a107ce7b9f?ref=confluence)
- [Mingming Tian](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:b46cc809-7723-4103-bdce-1c3d3d41e778?ref=confluence)
- [xie ruitao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:cace9683-5e46-440f-b1f2-7b9ce2c2bd7c?ref=confluence)
- [zhao shihong](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:4dd84a5e-3c58-4c0b-9e86-f993e85b5961?ref=confluence)
- [feng yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:23894469-5964-413e-bde8-8baa9f37d28d?ref=confluence)
- [qiang xu](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:d143b60e-255e-4a7d-bdc5-9aa41dafc74a?ref=confluence)
- [Henry Zhang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b1546269595132534bc2926?ref=confluence)
- [liu xueying](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:fffec444-0ad3-40fd-8269-8ef22365d47e?ref=confluence)

## Minutes

- [Baohua Yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:17d87dbf-05fe-4c1b-84cf-fd69f7fcbb20?ref=confluence) has re-triggered the CI testing to see if docker failure disappear now;
- [Luke Chan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:41573b41-33dc-492c-836d-536b50e9eb2a?ref=confluence) and [hightall](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e9c4e0e0-079d-423a-b406-d1bcab2e0194?ref=confluence) will prepare the mentor blog post and help our intern on-board;
- [Henry Zhang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b1546269595132534bc2926?ref=confluence) will prepare the slides before June 14 and see what demo we can have, 3 plans:
  
  - a. v1.0 UI demo;
  - b. v0.9 UI demo;
  - c. Ansible agent without UI.
- [feng yang](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:23894469-5964-413e-bde8-8baa9f37d28d?ref=confluence) will help improve the UI work in following two weeks.
- Next next week: [Peng Du](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:40cfa3db-3ae0-4442-b843-16a107ce7b9f?ref=confluence) team will demo [https://github.com/cool-RR/PySnooper](https://github.com/cool-RR/PySnooper)
- [Tong Li (Deactivated)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:7579aadb-a578-4296-b576-84509b88eb92?ref=confluence) suggests separate the authentication/authorization functionalities from the API server, [hightall](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e9c4e0e0-079d-423a-b406-d1bcab2e0194?ref=confluence) evaluate that it will take non-negligible efforts, hence will create Jira issue first and consider as future features.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:04

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
