WEBVTT

1
00:00:04.980 --> 00:00:10.019
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, welcome everyone to the June 2 hyper ledger technical student can make the call.

2
00:00:10.800 --> 00:00:19.470
Tracy Kuhrt: As you are aware, do things that we must abide by the first is the antitrust policy notice that is currently displayed on the screen.

3
00:00:20.190 --> 00:00:29.640
Tracy Kuhrt: And the second is the code of conduct that is linked in our agenda so as far as announcements go, we have our standard.

4
00:00:30.120 --> 00:00:41.520
Tracy Kuhrt: def weekly developer newsletter that goes out each Friday, if you have anything that you would like to include in that please leave a comment on the wiki page that is linked in the agenda.

5
00:00:42.780 --> 00:00:47.820
Tracy Kuhrt: And then does anybody else have any other announcements that they would like to make.

6
00:00:59.490 --> 00:01:05.670
Tracy Kuhrt: No okay so for quarterly reports we have the hyper ledger cello report that came in this week.

7
00:01:07.860 --> 00:01:19.530
Tracy Kuhrt: As far as I could see we only had the one question that I put in and mauer has responded with that, with an answer to that so.

8
00:01:20.010 --> 00:01:32.340
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't see any additional comments, but I also only see that two of us have had a chance to review this so given that I will leave this on the agenda for next week, so that.

9
00:01:34.230 --> 00:01:39.000
Tracy Kuhrt: Everybody on the TC will have a chance to review that particular report.

10
00:01:40.740 --> 00:01:45.540
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the firefly report is coming to next week.

11
00:01:47.580 --> 00:01:49.500
Tracy Kuhrt: So we'll look to to see that coming.

12
00:01:52.320 --> 00:01:54.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Any comments on the quarterly reports.

13
00:02:02.550 --> 00:02:09.990
Tracy Kuhrt: No okay so as you guys may have seen I did send a follow up email to quilt.

14
00:02:11.280 --> 00:02:19.410
Tracy Kuhrt: Their quarterly report was coming up, I think, next week or maybe it was this week, and so I sent them an email.

15
00:02:20.850 --> 00:02:36.810
Tracy Kuhrt: asking if they wanted to keep the project in a dominant state or move it to end of life and they responded with it, it was probably time to move it to an end of life state, so I created a PR specifically in the quilt.

16
00:02:38.460 --> 00:02:42.720
Tracy Kuhrt: repo and it was approved by.

17
00:02:45.060 --> 00:02:47.190
Tracy Kuhrt: approved and marched by.

18
00:02:49.710 --> 00:02:50.940
Tracy Kuhrt: The main characters so.

19
00:02:52.380 --> 00:03:05.400
Tracy Kuhrt: I just wanted to make sure that we were aware of that in I just get a maybe a game may vote just to confirm that we are moving that to end of life for the tasc.

20
00:03:06.840 --> 00:03:08.610
Tracy Kuhrt: Any comments before we have the vote.

21
00:03:20.430 --> 00:03:20.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Welcome

22
00:03:22.260 --> 00:03:29.880
Nathan George: Oh, just for the record the the quilt project came out of the Web payments working group the w three C and did a lot of interesting things for identifiers.

23
00:03:30.330 --> 00:03:41.160
Nathan George: For blockchains that track financial assets and it has done a lot of interesting thoughts work that affected what we chose to do with identity, especially when we worked on.

24
00:03:41.910 --> 00:03:55.230
Nathan George: Cross chain identifier work for the did specifications so big thanks to everyone who worked on the project and brought to its current state, but it hasn't been active for quite some time as Tracy very well knows, and so.

25
00:03:55.950 --> 00:04:02.580
Nathan George: It was good to see that folks were around to reply to the pull request to move to an end of life state.

26
00:04:05.790 --> 00:04:07.260
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah definitely thanks Nathan.

27
00:04:09.120 --> 00:04:15.180
Tracy Kuhrt: As as we've said in the past to the other projects that have gotten to end of life state.

28
00:04:16.710 --> 00:04:24.090
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, obviously, thank you for being part of the Community to the hyper ledger quote folks if they were to ever listen to this in the future.

29
00:04:25.110 --> 00:04:33.540
Tracy Kuhrt: And thank you for the work that they have done on that project and i'm working towards bringing inter ledger to hyper ledger.

30
00:04:35.160 --> 00:04:36.060
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other comments.

31
00:04:40.710 --> 00:04:45.690
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, all right, would you just take us through a not a roll call vote, but just.

32
00:04:48.600 --> 00:04:51.480
Tracy Kuhrt: approved abstaining type.

33
00:04:53.070 --> 00:04:53.460
Ry Jones: sure.

34
00:04:55.230 --> 00:04:55.620
Ry Jones: well.

35
00:04:58.860 --> 00:05:02.640
Ry Jones: Nobody there's no motion to vote on, and nobody second at the non motion.

36
00:05:02.700 --> 00:05:03.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh, thank you right.

37
00:05:03.990 --> 00:05:06.090
Tracy Kuhrt: you're not it's certainly her.

38
00:05:07.260 --> 00:05:07.980
Tracy Kuhrt: Fear second.

39
00:05:10.680 --> 00:05:13.200
Nathan George: i'll make the motion thing is, I hope, approve the request.

40
00:05:15.420 --> 00:05:15.750
Ry Jones: Okay.

41
00:05:15.840 --> 00:05:16.590
Bobbi Muscara: i'll second.

42
00:05:18.150 --> 00:05:26.310
Ry Jones: So in the matter for the tasc moving call to end of life Is there anyone who wishes to abstain from the vote.

43
00:05:29.820 --> 00:05:33.270
Ry Jones: Is there anyone that objects or wishes to vote, nay.

44
00:05:35.460 --> 00:05:37.470
Ry Jones: All in favor say Aye.

45
00:05:38.280 --> 00:05:39.720
Aye.

46
00:05:40.830 --> 00:05:42.480
Ry Jones: Motion passes by voice spoke.

47
00:05:43.890 --> 00:05:46.560
Tracy Kuhrt: thanks for your thanks for keeping me honest too.

48
00:05:49.530 --> 00:06:05.250
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so in the discussion items, I just wanted to call out specifically that we have had to PRS that ended up getting merged into the TC repo one to rename ci to open ssl.

49
00:06:06.750 --> 00:06:17.070
Tracy Kuhrt: And the other, to add the security related mandates for graduation to the yeah ignition extracurricular so.

50
00:06:19.230 --> 00:06:30.990
Tracy Kuhrt: I would see if anybody has any comments here the kfc about those particular PRS because I know that they didn't go through a formal vote here, but really just what do that the github.

51
00:06:33.210 --> 00:06:38.280
Tracy Kuhrt: PR process, so if anybody has any comments now it's probably a good time to have this coming.

52
00:06:49.320 --> 00:07:02.550
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay um so that is as far as I know, the end of the normal TC meeting, but if anybody has any other items that we should talk about before we hand it over to Jim.

53
00:07:04.380 --> 00:07:05.850
Tracy Kuhrt: raise your hand, let us know.

54
00:07:13.170 --> 00:07:15.660
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so Jim I think it's a few.

55
00:07:16.740 --> 00:07:20.700
Tracy Kuhrt: to walk us through that the task force on project help.

56
00:07:22.110 --> 00:07:25.560
Jim Zhang: All right, thanks Tracy me share my screen.

57
00:07:27.480 --> 00:07:30.210
Jim Zhang: Okay, so um we didn't.

58
00:07:30.240 --> 00:07:32.790
Jim Zhang: We didn't have a off cycle meeting.

59
00:07:34.590 --> 00:07:41.880
Jim Zhang: But we did have a lot of good discussions in the last Task Force meeting in this tasc time slot.

60
00:07:42.660 --> 00:08:05.760
Jim Zhang: That was then in April so just as a refresher we went through the other dimensions that we believe are important to reflect a projects, health and that's in this column it's into large categories, focusing on Community side or focusing on the code side.

61
00:08:06.840 --> 00:08:29.160
Jim Zhang: On the on the Community side we had growth as one dimension and diversity retention maturity friendliness friendliness and responsiveness on the cold side we had usefulness production readiness fundamental metrics docs and amount of innovation.

62
00:08:30.540 --> 00:08:34.650
Jim Zhang: For this call, I like us to discuss.

63
00:08:35.700 --> 00:08:39.360
Jim Zhang: Given these dimensions, what type of data we think are.

64
00:08:40.800 --> 00:08:42.120
Jim Zhang: useful to support.

65
00:08:43.290 --> 00:08:52.920
Jim Zhang: To support them, so we can get some measure from data to reflect on each dimension, before we dive into that.

66
00:08:54.450 --> 00:08:55.950
Jim Zhang: Any questions on.

67
00:08:57.210 --> 00:09:03.240
Jim Zhang: Any aspect that we discussed last time so altogether, I see there are.

68
00:09:04.290 --> 00:09:06.360
Jim Zhang: There are 11 of them.

69
00:09:11.760 --> 00:09:18.180
Jim Zhang: No that's great okay so let's dive in so i've got a bunch of.

70
00:09:20.430 --> 00:09:21.330
Jim Zhang: ideas.

71
00:09:23.100 --> 00:09:29.250
Jim Zhang: So we can go through them, and if you don't think they make sense, we can strike them out.

72
00:09:30.270 --> 00:09:36.570
Jim Zhang: Or, if you have additional ideas, then we should add them, and so we put this.

73
00:09:37.800 --> 00:09:40.440
Jim Zhang: Together okay for project growth.

74
00:09:41.610 --> 00:09:44.160
Jim Zhang: We want this to be reflecting.

75
00:09:45.420 --> 00:09:58.830
Jim Zhang: How many people are becoming newly interested in this project, and there are so interested that they start contributing either in discussing new features.

76
00:09:59.880 --> 00:10:04.680
Jim Zhang: Discussing drawbacks, or even contributing code so.

77
00:10:06.330 --> 00:10:14.430
Jim Zhang: I was thinking we can tally the definitely mostly driven by github data.

78
00:10:15.690 --> 00:10:18.030
Jim Zhang: number of contributors to the code base.

79
00:10:19.050 --> 00:10:27.450
Jim Zhang: scraping the the PR data and issues data that where people log requirements.

80
00:10:29.130 --> 00:10:31.800
Jim Zhang: or just submit a bug report.

81
00:10:34.830 --> 00:10:42.270
Jim Zhang: don't know if there are specific things we, we need to look at for both PRS and issues.

82
00:10:43.470 --> 00:10:46.020
Jim Zhang: To get real contribution versus.

83
00:10:47.130 --> 00:11:08.430
Jim Zhang: You know, casual one time thing and then they never came back I know Tracy did a lot of work in this area to try to use PR and issues there and get hub to to define who are the casual ones who are the the strong contributors and who are the.

84
00:11:11.580 --> 00:11:18.510
Jim Zhang: recurring or repeated contributors, so all that work can be applied here.

85
00:11:21.690 --> 00:11:24.900
Jim Zhang: Also, we want to look at.

86
00:11:27.000 --> 00:11:28.770
Jim Zhang: This court if possible.

87
00:11:29.790 --> 00:11:32.910
Jim Zhang: So here, I think we need to consider a technical feasibility.

88
00:11:35.970 --> 00:11:39.180
Jim Zhang: Is it possible to.

89
00:11:41.010 --> 00:11:43.740
Jim Zhang: to analyze discord and see.

90
00:11:44.790 --> 00:11:46.170
Jim Zhang: For a particular project.

91
00:11:47.820 --> 00:11:54.720
Jim Zhang: Which user you know, keep showing up week after week, and have sustained discussions.

92
00:11:56.190 --> 00:12:04.980
Jim Zhang: That can be a good indicator of contributors that are mostly contributing ideas in discussions, rather than code.

93
00:12:07.110 --> 00:12:09.270
Jim Zhang: So do do these makes sense.

94
00:12:10.470 --> 00:12:11.340
Jim Zhang: for growth.

95
00:12:16.710 --> 00:12:24.750
Hart Montgomery: So, first of all, a somewhat orthogonal practical question where should we be commenting in chat for this discussion.

96
00:12:25.980 --> 00:12:30.420
Hart Montgomery: i'm assuming we want to do discord, but do you want to do in the tasc chat or the.

97
00:12:31.770 --> 00:12:33.420
Hart Montgomery: That related Task Force chat.

98
00:12:35.340 --> 00:12:42.180
Jim Zhang: let's go ahead and use the task force chat there's one tracing created for the health data.

99
00:12:42.450 --> 00:12:45.720
Hart Montgomery: Okay yeah I see it, great.

100
00:12:47.520 --> 00:12:56.820
Hart Montgomery: And secondly, I think this is a great start Jim I would also include other things like documentation, you know are people working on that.

101
00:12:58.980 --> 00:13:10.200
Hart Montgomery: And you know I guess Community outreach so are people starting to do like meetups you know, is there, you know.

102
00:13:11.370 --> 00:13:13.320
Hart Montgomery: Outside evangelism I guess.

103
00:13:15.330 --> 00:13:17.820
Hart Montgomery: Over outside evangelism takes place.

104
00:13:21.300 --> 00:13:21.720
Jim Zhang: Thanks.

105
00:13:22.350 --> 00:13:24.720
Jim Zhang: kitten Keith clarify the.

106
00:13:27.330 --> 00:13:33.000
Jim Zhang: The meetup the outside evangelism aspect you mean people leaving for example.

107
00:13:34.170 --> 00:13:38.190
Jim Zhang: In a particular region meetups focus on on firefly.

108
00:13:38.250 --> 00:13:39.840
Hart Montgomery: Recently debbie absolutely.

109
00:13:40.080 --> 00:13:43.620
Hart Montgomery: Okay, understood like are people trying to grow, the project basically.

110
00:13:44.730 --> 00:13:45.180
Jim Zhang: yeah.

111
00:13:45.300 --> 00:13:54.060
Hart Montgomery: This is like you know just things, we know that generally work to help get more contributors like these things are people doing them.

112
00:13:55.440 --> 00:13:55.800
yeah.

113
00:13:57.600 --> 00:14:00.180
Jim Zhang: That makes sense that's a good one.

114
00:14:01.230 --> 00:14:09.000
Jim Zhang: And I think this will be mostly just asking people right and have a place to.

115
00:14:10.200 --> 00:14:11.070
Jim Zhang: to lock them.

116
00:14:12.180 --> 00:14:14.760
Hart Montgomery: Sure, well, I mean, these should all be logged in our events right.

117
00:14:16.230 --> 00:14:16.950
Jim Zhang: that's true.

118
00:14:17.130 --> 00:14:21.690
Hart Montgomery: Now they're always it certainly people occasionally do things on their own.

119
00:14:22.800 --> 00:14:23.700
Hart Montgomery: But whenever.

120
00:14:25.200 --> 00:14:30.690
Hart Montgomery: Whenever people host a meetup or something you know we encouraged them to tell us right.

121
00:14:32.760 --> 00:14:40.230
Jim Zhang: So do you think the the outside evangelism is a.

122
00:14:44.910 --> 00:14:47.910
Jim Zhang: Is is data to collect it.

123
00:14:49.470 --> 00:14:54.510
Jim Zhang: or it's just means to an end, because at the end of the day, if.

124
00:14:55.710 --> 00:15:02.550
Jim Zhang: At the end of day, it should be reflected in the growth of the contributors in these areas right.

125
00:15:02.760 --> 00:15:06.540
Hart Montgomery: Well, I think it's a it's a leading factor for those right.

126
00:15:07.950 --> 00:15:16.950
Hart Montgomery: So if I want to be able to you know if I went to anticipate how I think growth is going to be in the future, I think, looking at that is really important.

127
00:15:19.170 --> 00:15:19.530
Jim Zhang: Okay.

128
00:15:19.800 --> 00:15:20.430
Hart Montgomery: Does that make sense.

129
00:15:20.460 --> 00:15:21.780
Jim Zhang: yeah that makes sense.

130
00:15:23.310 --> 00:15:28.080
Jim Zhang: If if a project is not getting.

131
00:15:29.100 --> 00:15:37.440
Jim Zhang: Exposure through these meetups then we probably should encourage them because it's, as you said, it's a it's a good way to lead up to the.

132
00:15:38.460 --> 00:15:41.880
Jim Zhang: To the appearance of additional contributors.

133
00:15:42.390 --> 00:15:51.300
Hart Montgomery: yeah so the the earlier stuff is sort of you know, has the project grown and, like the meetup kind of thing is, will the project growth basically right.

134
00:15:51.900 --> 00:15:52.230
yeah.

135
00:15:54.300 --> 00:15:54.660
Jim Zhang: yeah.

136
00:16:01.170 --> 00:16:12.990
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, maybe to figure out who the new interested individuals are if we could use some sort of page view count on the contributing empty file.

137
00:16:13.590 --> 00:16:25.080
Tracy Kuhrt: Or if there's a different contributing that's in the document for the particular project that can be a way of seeing how many people have.

138
00:16:26.070 --> 00:16:45.030
Tracy Kuhrt: expressed an interest by looking at their contributing guide, instead of just reaching out on discord or during a PR because that could then tell you how many people end up converting based on somebody goes to the contributing guide do they actually end up submitting a PR or not.

139
00:16:49.170 --> 00:16:53.400
Jim Zhang: The contributor guide is that being our wiki or is a.

140
00:16:54.720 --> 00:16:56.850
Tracy Kuhrt: So so according.

141
00:16:56.850 --> 00:16:58.050
Tracy Kuhrt: To our.

142
00:16:59.940 --> 00:17:07.380
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't remember what we call it, but the the folder requirements were all each of the projects is supposed to have a contributing empty file.

143
00:17:09.150 --> 00:17:16.590
Tracy Kuhrt: As the initial entry point some of those actually have text directly in them, and some of them point to a.

144
00:17:17.940 --> 00:17:19.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Contributing.

145
00:17:20.340 --> 00:17:23.400
Tracy Kuhrt: A file on their read the docs or something like that so.

146
00:17:24.720 --> 00:17:30.300
Tracy Kuhrt: I obviously that's that becomes a slightly bigger challenge when you're redirecting.

147
00:17:31.170 --> 00:17:32.340
Tracy Kuhrt: To a different page but.

148
00:17:32.910 --> 00:17:39.720
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I think you know we at least have the requirement that everybody has a contributing indeed in their.

149
00:17:40.410 --> 00:17:41.190
sleep okay.

150
00:17:42.450 --> 00:17:52.590
Jim Zhang: yeah I think that's a good idea may be able to collect page views in some of them may not be possible, in others, depending on where they exist.

151
00:17:56.250 --> 00:17:57.870
Jim Zhang: cool anything else.

152
00:17:59.190 --> 00:18:07.800
Jim Zhang: On this particular one and I ever as a gic This is our This is our main interest is the growth of the Community.

153
00:18:09.030 --> 00:18:13.380
Jim Zhang: So I think any ideas that we're not thinking we should talk about them.

154
00:18:17.760 --> 00:18:22.860
Jim Zhang: Okay, so let's move on to diversity diversity is also very important.

155
00:18:24.720 --> 00:18:37.080
Jim Zhang: We want this is fault tolerance right when one organization, for whatever reason, goes away at all, having diversity will keep the project life.

156
00:18:38.340 --> 00:18:45.990
Jim Zhang: So the number of obviously number of orgs contributing to the code base that's probably the most obvious.

157
00:18:48.540 --> 00:18:50.280
Jim Zhang: type of data, we should collect.

158
00:18:52.410 --> 00:18:53.880
Jim Zhang: Do we have anything else.

159
00:18:55.860 --> 00:18:57.120
Jim Zhang: That we should think about.

160
00:18:59.910 --> 00:19:13.560
Dave Enyeart: In the fabric reports I usually put percent of commits and contributors from each organization well I usually focus it on IBM because that's by far the most usually so i'll say like how much percent is IBM how much presenters other.

161
00:19:18.060 --> 00:19:18.450
Jim Zhang: yeah.

162
00:19:19.530 --> 00:19:21.750
Jim Zhang: Thanks that's that's a good point.

163
00:19:25.560 --> 00:19:26.040
Tracy Kuhrt: Also.

164
00:19:28.470 --> 00:19:37.590
David Boswell: One other form of diversity, could be language translations, for example, and how many languages are talking to is documentation available and.

165
00:19:41.430 --> 00:19:45.720
David Boswell: Although I guess I could also fall under perhaps you know friendliness.

166
00:19:48.540 --> 00:19:51.840
Jim Zhang: yeah that's that's a good one, David.

167
00:19:55.980 --> 00:19:58.590
Hart Montgomery: I think, contributing issues is also important.

168
00:20:00.960 --> 00:20:04.320
Hart Montgomery: So sort of trying to measure who's contributing to the roadmap.

169
00:20:05.550 --> 00:20:07.350
Hart Montgomery: Not only who's contributing the code.

170
00:20:08.070 --> 00:20:10.710
Jim Zhang: So that would be also.

171
00:20:12.630 --> 00:20:15.480
Jim Zhang: issues, and this for.

172
00:20:16.140 --> 00:20:16.440
yeah.

173
00:20:17.940 --> 00:20:18.210
Hart Montgomery: yeah.

174
00:20:18.390 --> 00:20:18.750
Jim Zhang: Okay.

175
00:20:19.170 --> 00:20:28.680
Hart Montgomery: But the the thing I want to emphasize is that you know it's people who are also contributing to the roadmap, not just for code itself right.

176
00:20:29.100 --> 00:20:30.630
Jim Zhang: mm hmm if.

177
00:20:30.810 --> 00:20:31.080
yeah.

178
00:20:34.830 --> 00:20:36.150
Jim Zhang: yeah that makes sense.

179
00:20:39.780 --> 00:20:50.580
Tracy Kuhrt: For the projects that have the rfc that could be a good repo to take a look to see who the contributions are coming from the world.

180
00:20:53.040 --> 00:20:55.320
Jim Zhang: Our seas or he has.

181
00:20:55.800 --> 00:21:00.300
Tracy Kuhrt: requested yeah yeah I just know that a number of our projects have I.

182
00:21:02.040 --> 00:21:03.810
Tracy Kuhrt: distinct Repo for IFC.

183
00:21:04.950 --> 00:21:16.110
Tracy Kuhrt: So for those projects if only one organization is contributing to that repo then maybe that there's not the diversity for the roadmap that tardies talking about.

184
00:21:17.670 --> 00:21:18.780
Jim Zhang: that's a very important.

185
00:21:20.490 --> 00:21:41.550
Jim Zhang: aspect thanks Tracy yeah We actually had as an example firefly had separate example Repo for firefly improvement request fire and we've had many open by by other orcs very significant architecture discussions.

186
00:21:43.320 --> 00:21:44.100
Jim Zhang: that's a good one.

187
00:21:52.380 --> 00:22:01.350
Jim Zhang: Okay, so if that's it for that one let's move on to retention, so this is about keeping.

188
00:22:06.150 --> 00:22:10.710
Jim Zhang: Keep attracting the interest of contributors.

189
00:22:13.980 --> 00:22:15.030
Jim Zhang: longevity.

190
00:22:16.290 --> 00:22:26.670
Jim Zhang: So, having having the contributors that we recorded from those efforts do they continue to show up.

191
00:22:28.620 --> 00:22:35.880
Jim Zhang: Month after month, both in PRS and discord I guess the same type of data, but different, but a different.

192
00:22:37.200 --> 00:22:39.210
Jim Zhang: A different way to analyze them.

193
00:22:44.370 --> 00:22:47.100
Tracy Kuhrt: We could do something around so for.

194
00:22:48.480 --> 00:22:55.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Our retention I previously had in the project reports, the number of people become inactive in last month.

195
00:22:56.700 --> 00:23:00.690
Tracy Kuhrt: Meaning that they hadn't made a contribution in over six months.

196
00:23:02.100 --> 00:23:03.870
Tracy Kuhrt: As well as the.

197
00:23:06.090 --> 00:23:10.140
Tracy Kuhrt: Can a number of repeat contributors, that you have.

198
00:23:12.900 --> 00:23:25.080
Tracy Kuhrt: Like if somebody is only contributed once done, I think that's you know it's good but it's not what we're looking for somebody who continues to come back and contribute.

199
00:23:43.980 --> 00:23:44.070
Jim Zhang: OK.

200
00:23:45.810 --> 00:23:50.220
Jim Zhang: let's continue of maturity so maturity is mainly.

201
00:23:51.630 --> 00:23:58.080
Jim Zhang: As we're going through the analysis of these dimensions maturity should be a.

202
00:23:59.940 --> 00:24:01.290
Jim Zhang: should be a.

203
00:24:02.430 --> 00:24:05.640
Jim Zhang: sort of a qualifier so that.

204
00:24:06.810 --> 00:24:17.010
Jim Zhang: Maybe on the particular aspect, it should be treated differently for young project versus a versus a mature project.

205
00:24:20.940 --> 00:24:37.110
Jim Zhang: and maturity it's probably a subjective thing that is not directly correlated to age, but we could definitely look at was the first line of code or first commit.

206
00:24:38.490 --> 00:24:41.310
Jim Zhang: was started that's the start of life.

207
00:24:45.000 --> 00:24:47.490
Jim Zhang: and frequency of releases.

208
00:24:50.070 --> 00:24:52.230
Jim Zhang: could reflect.

209
00:24:53.850 --> 00:24:55.320
Jim Zhang: The maturity of the projects.

210
00:24:56.970 --> 00:24:58.710
Jim Zhang: I don't know if that's.

211
00:25:00.630 --> 00:25:09.150
Jim Zhang: We probably can have a discussion about this, the idea was which your projects tend to have more regular cadence.

212
00:25:10.290 --> 00:25:20.910
Jim Zhang: And they usually can do the release on that, on the cadence active projects may have faster cadence but they they tend to be more.

213
00:25:22.380 --> 00:25:24.540
Jim Zhang: irregular more on demand.

214
00:25:27.390 --> 00:25:28.680
Jim Zhang: And certainly.

215
00:25:30.720 --> 00:25:36.060
Jim Zhang: less active and less mature prod projects will have.

216
00:25:38.100 --> 00:25:45.840
Jim Zhang: Less amount of releases so longer cadence between releases.

217
00:25:48.150 --> 00:25:53.850
Jim Zhang: Does this make sense, do we think that's a fair way to analyze maturity.

218
00:25:55.800 --> 00:25:57.300
Tracy Kuhrt: So you have your hand up.

219
00:25:58.350 --> 00:26:00.210
Tracy Kuhrt: It was probably before this question so.

220
00:26:00.570 --> 00:26:02.040
Hart Montgomery: Oh no, it was for this question but.

221
00:26:02.040 --> 00:26:02.700
Hart Montgomery: Thanks Tracy.

222
00:26:03.990 --> 00:26:14.970
Hart Montgomery: yeah, so I think the frequency of releases is a good metric of maturity it's not necessarily like you know, are you releasing every week.

223
00:26:15.510 --> 00:26:24.150
Hart Montgomery: But you know, do you have a schedule and are you roughly adhering to that schedule, so I think that's a great thing Jim and I, you know you should leave it in.

224
00:26:25.290 --> 00:26:30.540
Hart Montgomery: On the other hand, I think, other things that are great indicators of maturity our documentation.

225
00:26:31.830 --> 00:26:39.660
Hart Montgomery: I consider, you know I don't consider a project mature unless it has you know at least reasonable documentation.

226
00:26:42.570 --> 00:26:56.460
Hart Montgomery: And finally, like you know certain best practices, come to mind like I would not consider a project mature, for instance, if it were not following the best security practices things like that right.

227
00:26:57.900 --> 00:27:07.440
Hart Montgomery: Security practices are the ones that you know come to mind to me but i'm sure there are other others that people could think of and suggest.

228
00:27:11.370 --> 00:27:14.910
Arun S M: It could also include the test courage that debate.

229
00:27:16.740 --> 00:27:20.100
Arun S M: Any new code gets added to release process.

230
00:27:21.600 --> 00:27:26.070
Arun S M: That destination for somebody to become come maintain ours from committing.

231
00:27:27.090 --> 00:27:28.110
Arun S M: single purchase.

232
00:27:29.670 --> 00:27:36.600
Jim Zhang: He will automatically calculate test coverage, making sure they're not dropping that sort of thing.

233
00:27:38.040 --> 00:27:47.310
Arun S M: It so since we are looking at and so majority of the project, it could also a mature project or tab so best practices can span across the spectrum.

234
00:27:48.330 --> 00:27:53.610
Arun S M: That would include the the way they engage with the Community members.

235
00:27:56.280 --> 00:28:00.270
Jim Zhang: The last part you said, can you repeat that.

236
00:28:06.270 --> 00:28:17.370
Arun S M: Sure, so I was thinking more in terms of following best practices that will have a roadmap for somebody to become a maintainer if they want to start contributing.

237
00:28:19.110 --> 00:28:19.530
gotcha.

238
00:28:21.300 --> 00:28:21.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

239
00:28:23.160 --> 00:28:27.840
Nathan George: burn touches on something that's even more important here with it's harder a lot harder to measure, and that is.

240
00:28:28.380 --> 00:28:41.520
Nathan George: Does the Community have some cross organizational way of organizing their progress mean they have some sort of roadmap or active and regular discussions on what should and shouldn't be built in when i'm and.

241
00:28:42.510 --> 00:28:48.540
Nathan George: I don't know that that's a metric or if it's kind of a pass fail, is there such a thing that we.

242
00:28:49.740 --> 00:28:51.240
Nathan George: can ask our watch for.

243
00:28:53.160 --> 00:28:53.550
Jim Zhang: mean.

244
00:28:54.990 --> 00:28:55.800
Jim Zhang: Is the.

245
00:28:57.000 --> 00:29:01.290
Jim Zhang: Is the leaders involving the be in defining the roadmap.

246
00:29:02.100 --> 00:29:11.850
Nathan George: yeah like the example here is I show up with really great new idea to improve your project, where do I go who do I talk to how do I find that out it what's the.

247
00:29:12.900 --> 00:29:17.340
Nathan George: what's the Cross organizational way of coordinating critical in this sprint or should it go in next quarter.

248
00:29:26.760 --> 00:29:29.400
Jim Zhang: yeah so we have.

249
00:29:34.230 --> 00:29:44.250
Jim Zhang: feel like this is somewhat the Jason to Franklin us to contributors, but I don't think it's captured anywhere else.

250
00:29:45.600 --> 00:29:47.880
Jim Zhang: i'll leave this in in here.

251
00:29:48.900 --> 00:29:50.700
Jim Zhang: that's a good one, thanks Nathan.

252
00:29:57.090 --> 00:30:12.750
Jim Zhang: Okay, so let's move on to the next one friendliness, this is for contributors potential contributors who have good ideas do they feel they are being accommodated and they can have meaningful discussions.

253
00:30:14.910 --> 00:30:22.290
Jim Zhang: So some obvious things is this project define good first you issues.

254
00:30:23.370 --> 00:30:37.830
Jim Zhang: These are things to help potential contributors get their hands dirty just go through the basic practices of doing a build and making small fx and then propose a PR.

255
00:30:39.840 --> 00:30:53.130
Jim Zhang: as easy as possible once someone has been able to go go through this end to end it's much more likely they can they will contribute more in the future so that's that should be.

256
00:30:54.270 --> 00:30:55.470
Jim Zhang: a really good thing.

257
00:31:00.150 --> 00:31:04.950
Jim Zhang: can be measured in our new contributors being on boarded.

258
00:31:06.240 --> 00:31:07.230
Jim Zhang: Week after week.

259
00:31:11.850 --> 00:31:15.930
Jim Zhang: Next, one is a bit subjective can new ideas to be accommodated.

260
00:31:17.340 --> 00:31:20.820
Jim Zhang: Ian, even if they may lead to forking up the code base.

261
00:31:21.870 --> 00:31:24.930
Jim Zhang: This was actually discussed on the last call.

262
00:31:27.930 --> 00:31:30.300
Jim Zhang: Having robust discussions.

263
00:31:33.120 --> 00:31:35.460
Jim Zhang: To solve concerns from the Community.

264
00:31:36.480 --> 00:31:48.240
Jim Zhang: Rather than brushing them off encourage them to create a new fork if this is this is if this can't be accommodated in the same code base.

265
00:31:49.980 --> 00:31:59.370
Jim Zhang: That reflects, you know that the the core committed is really care about those new ideas from new contributors.

266
00:32:05.400 --> 00:32:15.930
Hart Montgomery: yeah, so I think this is actually really important and you're you're touching on a core fact here, Jim so one of the things that I really like to see is sort of.

267
00:32:16.530 --> 00:32:30.270
Hart Montgomery: How far out of the way our existing maintain owners willing to go to help new contributors so it's sort of like if a new contributors submits like a flawed issue or a flawed PR.

268
00:32:30.870 --> 00:32:48.840
Hart Montgomery: You know how far the maintainer is willing to go to help them right, so I will credit Peter is someone who does an excellent job here when someone comes along to cactus with something that's not you know perfect Peter will usually go out of his way to help them a lot.

269
00:32:50.190 --> 00:32:53.280
Hart Montgomery: And that's really fantastic and that's really good for the Community.

270
00:32:54.750 --> 00:32:58.590
Hart Montgomery: So one metric for for sort of this.

271
00:33:01.980 --> 00:33:15.750
Hart Montgomery: In this sort of indicative of this is, you know what's the time to land PRS are committed, Sir issues but mostly PRS for sort of core maintainer or core contributors.

272
00:33:16.260 --> 00:33:31.770
Hart Montgomery: versus new contributors right, so you know, are the are the maintainer you know, addressing the the actions created by new contributors, and I think this is really important.

273
00:33:33.480 --> 00:33:34.440
Hart Montgomery: I hope that made sense.

274
00:33:35.040 --> 00:33:36.780
Jim Zhang: yeah it definitely does.

275
00:33:39.750 --> 00:33:43.560
Jim Zhang: So we're we're I think we're actually talking about a.

276
00:33:45.300 --> 00:33:50.130
Jim Zhang: An idea I don't know if we actually talked about how this will be captured.

277
00:33:51.690 --> 00:33:56.220
Jim Zhang: The type of data that needs to be collected to reflect this.

278
00:33:56.670 --> 00:34:02.010
Hart Montgomery: So I think you could correct you could collect this you know, in some way like you know.

279
00:34:04.770 --> 00:34:14.970
Hart Montgomery: The PR or the issue analytics from new contributors versus existing contributors, right now, you would expect it to be a little faster for.

280
00:34:15.600 --> 00:34:25.950
Hart Montgomery: Existing contributors than new contributors, but you don't want it to be like galactic for new contributors right where, if someone like creates a PR and it's just never looked at right.

281
00:34:27.540 --> 00:34:27.990
Jim Zhang: yeah.

282
00:34:38.910 --> 00:34:43.530
Hart Montgomery: Like PR is closed, without comment is another like thing that's.

283
00:34:43.710 --> 00:34:47.010
Hart Montgomery: You know that I personally discouraged.

284
00:34:48.630 --> 00:34:49.170
Jim Zhang: yeah.

285
00:35:03.210 --> 00:35:04.380
Hart Montgomery: I guess sorry.

286
00:35:06.750 --> 00:35:18.300
Tracy Kuhrt: I was just gonna say I added the last line to kind of capture what heart said there and I also add it to the first line, and besides good first issues help with tag and then give you have.

287
00:35:18.870 --> 00:35:36.540
Tracy Kuhrt: Help wanted that implies that you have somebody who's willing to help you in in going through the PR process and working through a particular issue together, so I added that to the friendliness as well.

288
00:35:37.110 --> 00:35:40.560
Jim Zhang: yeah so thanks Tracy yeah this This makes sense.

289
00:35:41.310 --> 00:35:41.610
alright.

290
00:35:43.500 --> 00:35:50.160
Arun S M: Thanks very, so I think are covered, one of the questions that I wanted to ask how long a PR book take from a new contributor and.

291
00:35:50.670 --> 00:35:56.040
Arun S M: How far is the Co maintainer going to do help them out the second part to, that is, with.

292
00:35:56.760 --> 00:36:03.510
Arun S M: respect to taking an input from the new contributors are taking in new ideas right that's a topic that Jim also kind of brought up.

293
00:36:04.200 --> 00:36:10.950
Arun S M: I know, in the past, people used to ask questions on rocket chat and that used to lead to discussions and eventually.

294
00:36:11.460 --> 00:36:21.750
Arun S M: Maintenance if they like it, they would go and add that feature, or if they don't they would probably discuss and say is that we are not going to take do anything with that.

295
00:36:23.730 --> 00:36:35.400
Arun S M: And then we decided that will go with raising issues with all the repositories but I don't think so that's consistently in a bar across all projects because some of the projects are still not using.

296
00:36:36.210 --> 00:36:45.000
Arun S M: github issues as as a source for taking in inputs, I know some other some of them are strictly following it so.

297
00:36:46.140 --> 00:36:56.460
Arun S M: I think that's also a measure of friendliness of there should be a consistent way where somebody can come in and say this needs to be done, and probably start a discussion around that.

298
00:36:59.400 --> 00:37:02.880
Jim Zhang: So RON you're saying is the project.

299
00:37:04.740 --> 00:37:07.950
Jim Zhang: defining a clear way for anybody to to.

300
00:37:10.050 --> 00:37:13.680
Jim Zhang: raise a concern or or an idea.

301
00:37:16.080 --> 00:37:23.520
Arun S M: sure we can consider that I know some of the projects may still be preferring an external to like China.

302
00:37:37.230 --> 00:37:51.270
Hart Montgomery: So another thing that I think could be useful for measuring this is sort of rp ours and other issues and things addressed in a somewhat fivefold manner.

303
00:37:53.310 --> 00:38:01.950
Hart Montgomery: So you know basically like maybe they're not getting merged, but you know are people sort of you know commenting on and reviewing things.

304
00:38:03.090 --> 00:38:04.770
Hart Montgomery: In the order that they're coming in.

305
00:38:09.330 --> 00:38:09.870
Jim Zhang: yeah.

306
00:38:27.390 --> 00:38:29.910
Jim Zhang: cut the line because your court manner.

307
00:38:30.510 --> 00:38:37.680
Hart Montgomery: I mean obviously not all PR or equal right, you know if there's like a security fix it's not the same as.

308
00:38:38.940 --> 00:38:42.960
Hart Montgomery: You know, an improvement right, but in general the.

309
00:38:44.430 --> 00:38:48.150
Hart Montgomery: And in some PR so good in some PR you know less good right.

310
00:38:49.410 --> 00:38:53.790
Hart Montgomery: But, in general, there should be some sort of process of addressing things in order right.

311
00:38:54.900 --> 00:38:55.260
Jim Zhang: yeah.

312
00:39:06.000 --> 00:39:06.480
Jim Zhang: Okay.

313
00:39:09.510 --> 00:39:11.520
Jim Zhang: that's awesome great ideas.

314
00:39:15.060 --> 00:39:32.400
Arun S M: Right, so I think, since we are talking about friendliness, should we also consider the project meetings I noticed all projects are advised to have their own maintainer meeting or maybe competitors mating gatherings that happened at the bi weekly or once in a month.

315
00:39:35.670 --> 00:39:36.450
Jim Zhang: Other.

316
00:39:46.470 --> 00:39:46.920
Jim Zhang: Right.

317
00:39:48.840 --> 00:39:54.270
Jim Zhang: This captures your idea right okay all right.

318
00:39:56.730 --> 00:39:59.580
Nathan George: I just wanted to add to the address to an order.

319
00:40:01.230 --> 00:40:11.100
Nathan George: it's not so much about, but there are addressed viscerally in chronological order, but that there is a defined order and that every Organization has fair access to that order.

320
00:40:11.700 --> 00:40:15.780
Nathan George: An example of what we've seen in the past, where the process is broken, is where.

321
00:40:16.110 --> 00:40:23.490
Nathan George: The primary organization, where all the containers are set their own internal corporate roadmap and everything for that happens, like clockwork on schedule.

322
00:40:23.760 --> 00:40:38.280
Nathan George: But anybody who comes with a change from outside of the organization, they have to wait through an undefined other process, so you might see a pull request will pull requests get merged in two or three hours when they're part of that org but three or four days they're outside.

323
00:40:42.870 --> 00:40:43.470
Jim Zhang: enjoys the.

324
00:40:46.980 --> 00:40:52.260
Jim Zhang: So these in yours you're saying there should be a.

325
00:40:53.790 --> 00:41:02.280
Jim Zhang: A well defined practice to the fine how the party list of issues to be revealed.

326
00:41:03.180 --> 00:41:04.950
Nathan George: yeah but but it doesn't.

327
00:41:05.040 --> 00:41:09.540
Nathan George: have to be chronologically just has to be fair, and you know obvious.

328
00:41:11.790 --> 00:41:18.600
Nathan George: meaning if I come with a critical security patch of course that might get merged well, well before you know someone's here to add a new API.

329
00:41:31.290 --> 00:41:31.680
Okay.

330
00:41:36.690 --> 00:41:42.360
Jim Zhang: Thanks for adding that basin, shall we move on to the next one, I feel more and more.

331
00:41:43.980 --> 00:41:55.650
Jim Zhang: responsiveness becomes very similar to friendliness, maybe we should consider merging them but responsiveness is mainly how how quickly, things are done.

332
00:41:58.860 --> 00:42:05.310
Jim Zhang: Especially in terms of when they come from outside quote unquote outside.

333
00:42:06.420 --> 00:42:08.580
Jim Zhang: outside of the core maintainer group.

334
00:42:12.930 --> 00:42:31.530
Jim Zhang: it's very similar to Franklin is because when you are responsive you're demonstrating a friendliness to new contributors, and of course you are, you are responsive to within the core maintainer as well because everybody wants to to get the right thing, done.

335
00:42:35.280 --> 00:42:42.810
Jim Zhang: So, shall we go ahead and merge responsiveness and friendliness into a single one.

336
00:42:44.370 --> 00:42:44.700
Tracy Kuhrt: part.

337
00:42:45.480 --> 00:42:58.530
Hart Montgomery: So I think this is useful to separate I think Nathan illustrated it really well when he mentioned that there's you know, there can be a core group of containers that are very responsive to each other, but not necessarily.

338
00:42:59.790 --> 00:43:02.640
Hart Montgomery: responsive to to outside contributors.

339
00:43:03.180 --> 00:43:03.720
Jim Zhang: mm hmm.

340
00:43:04.980 --> 00:43:11.430
Hart Montgomery: And i've also seen projects where the maintainer are very slow to respond to each other.

341
00:43:14.040 --> 00:43:17.040
Hart Montgomery: So I think it's fine to have this as a.

342
00:43:18.780 --> 00:43:19.920
Hart Montgomery: As its own category.

343
00:43:20.340 --> 00:43:27.270
Jim Zhang: So basically this is looking across the board, how, in general, things get get done.

344
00:43:27.870 --> 00:43:29.400
Jim Zhang: Exactly yeah.

345
00:43:29.550 --> 00:43:29.940
Hart Montgomery: Okay.

346
00:43:30.150 --> 00:43:31.020
Jim Zhang: That makes sense.

347
00:43:31.560 --> 00:43:33.330
Jim Zhang: let's keep them separate still.

348
00:43:35.070 --> 00:43:35.910
Jim Zhang: So that.

349
00:43:37.140 --> 00:43:47.520
Jim Zhang: applies to both PRS and issues in github and also on questions that are not responded to how.

350
00:43:49.350 --> 00:43:51.900
Jim Zhang: Do we know if that's even possible to measure.

351
00:43:54.060 --> 00:44:04.620
Jim Zhang: Like can can we can we tell the difference between some somebody making a comment or just a statement versus asked me a question in this court and if there's no reply.

352
00:44:06.660 --> 00:44:16.920
Jim Zhang: This This seems to involve some sort of Ai to actually understand if questions in this Court are being addressed or not right.

353
00:44:21.570 --> 00:44:24.750
Tracy Kuhrt: What made them you had your hand up before that question.

354
00:44:25.800 --> 00:44:29.100
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't know if anybody has a good answer for your question.

355
00:44:31.170 --> 00:44:36.120
Nathan George: I was gonna say I don't have a good answer that question I think right i'm not sure how much sleep and automate that, though.

356
00:44:36.600 --> 00:44:47.640
Nathan George: There might be some best practice of how us, we should acknowledge every post in some way and we could train them encounters on that so that it could be measurable it just I don't know I don't have any ideas on how we would do that.

357
00:44:49.020 --> 00:44:55.410
Nathan George: The thing I was going to say, is, I think, Jim comment hit a real important tool, which was.

358
00:44:55.800 --> 00:45:04.050
Nathan George: Anything that can be measured across everybody who contributes, I think, is more of a responsiveness metric that friendliness metric and it felt to me like.

359
00:45:04.410 --> 00:45:08.760
Nathan George: we've added a lot of things to friendliness that might be able to be in responsiveness because.

360
00:45:09.150 --> 00:45:24.120
Nathan George: We can't measure them on a who's new versus who's established basis, especially when we consider contributors who might only be doing drive bys on the code, but might be very, very active on the calls are on the email list um so it feels to me like.

361
00:45:25.500 --> 00:45:35.070
Nathan George: Focusing or or pushing more of the metrics over to the responsiveness side might give us a more accurate view of what's going on.

362
00:45:37.020 --> 00:45:40.140
Nathan George: In at least in the case of like the no special treatment or.

363
00:45:41.580 --> 00:45:50.790
Nathan George: there's a roadmap in place some of those things seem more were like of fairness, or responsiveness, as opposed to maybe friendliness, a new new contributors.

364
00:45:53.400 --> 00:45:54.900
Jim Zhang: yeah that makes sense to me.

365
00:45:56.580 --> 00:46:04.500
Jim Zhang: That we could we could basically be the more objective measuring overall responsiveness.

366
00:46:07.890 --> 00:46:08.370
Jim Zhang: cool.

367
00:46:09.270 --> 00:46:09.510
Right.

368
00:46:11.910 --> 00:46:16.500
Hart Montgomery: So they said, I agree with you, I don't think we can get you know perfect information on this.

369
00:46:17.580 --> 00:46:35.850
Hart Montgomery: But I think we can you know cut some of these responses we can handle some of these statistics, with respect to friendliness, by looking at like statistics for containers versus statistics for contributors right or statistics by company right.

370
00:46:37.500 --> 00:46:39.390
Hart Montgomery: Because we have all of that information.

371
00:46:43.410 --> 00:46:54.540
Hart Montgomery: So, while some of these may be difficult, I think it's probably still possible to gather them, and you know I know that a lot of this stuff you can do with a couple clicks NL fx right off the box.

372
00:46:57.510 --> 00:46:59.940
Nathan George: I say to that yes, that sounds great.

373
00:47:03.510 --> 00:47:04.020
Jim Zhang: awesome.

374
00:47:08.280 --> 00:47:11.280
Jim Zhang: Okay um.

375
00:47:14.790 --> 00:47:23.460
Jim Zhang: So yeah, by the way I see people are actually doing co editing so that's great I know Ryan has been targeting people to do that on the on wiki.

376
00:47:25.980 --> 00:47:31.890
Jim Zhang: So let's move on to to code and see if we can finish everything on time.

377
00:47:33.750 --> 00:47:34.680
Jim Zhang: usefulness.

378
00:47:35.880 --> 00:47:47.130
Jim Zhang: Is the project being adopted by customers and tire kickers are people actually use them using them, I was actually thinking about this, we were announcing end of life for quilt.

379
00:47:48.360 --> 00:47:55.620
Jim Zhang: Do we actually know if there are being used by customers would be great if we if we do and say yeah.

380
00:47:56.640 --> 00:48:10.530
Jim Zhang: Maybe end of life but it's it's it still got strong adoption it's just not moving forward in terms of features that's very different than a project that's been.

381
00:48:12.390 --> 00:48:26.010
Jim Zhang: In hyper ledger and no one uses it right, so I i'm really curious, how do we get this so obviously we can ask and have people tell us.

382
00:48:29.190 --> 00:48:31.230
Jim Zhang: How do we do that is the question.

383
00:48:33.930 --> 00:48:35.850
Jim Zhang: Several things we could use.

384
00:48:38.550 --> 00:48:39.660
Jim Zhang: docker pose.

385
00:48:43.200 --> 00:48:57.300
Jim Zhang: But this can be skewed you know if if there are very frequent test runs against a particular projects you're obviously can I get a lot of darker polls that can skew the.

386
00:48:59.520 --> 00:49:00.480
Jim Zhang: matrix.

387
00:49:02.010 --> 00:49:06.060
Jim Zhang: released binary downloads probably the same idea.

388
00:49:11.040 --> 00:49:31.410
Jim Zhang: and the next one was, I think idea from David like we could tag resources that announce the usage of a particular project and have that be tallied in some fashion and publications.

389
00:49:32.550 --> 00:49:34.200
Jim Zhang: political project generates.

390
00:49:38.490 --> 00:49:50.970
Jim Zhang: Do we know if it's practical to collect this and we want to create some sort of channel for our customers and developers to tell us the projects that are using.

391
00:49:53.790 --> 00:49:56.610
Jim Zhang: Like maybe we can organize some campaign.

392
00:49:57.780 --> 00:50:06.750
Jim Zhang: With Davis department to to encourage you know be encouraged the world to tell hype pleasure what they are using.

393
00:50:07.980 --> 00:50:09.180
Jim Zhang: ideas like this.

394
00:50:12.690 --> 00:50:13.740
Jim Zhang: Any thoughts.

395
00:50:32.790 --> 00:50:44.820
David Boswell: I mean, I think we move, we can tap into this could be an opportunity to work with the cigs, for example, you know we can just ask them if we give them a format for how to, as you say tag things I mean we can try to.

396
00:50:45.300 --> 00:50:50.220
David Boswell: encourage them to do that, I know that there's a lot of discussions about what's getting used for what you know.

397
00:50:50.640 --> 00:51:02.490
David Boswell: solution and in the cigs levels, I think that's where some of that data lives, and then we have the case study you know library to where that information is available, so those are those are the thoughts that I had about where we can get this information.

398
00:51:06.360 --> 00:51:17.220
Nathan George: I think we also have to acknowledge that some of the most interesting things will never find out about is one of the reasons I really liked the hackathons that happened around the world, because often someone would show up who had not.

399
00:51:18.390 --> 00:51:29.580
Nathan George: been on our radar at all in any other way, and they were doing something interesting but they wouldn't have talked to us if they didn't have been have a local opportunity to do so.

400
00:51:31.470 --> 00:51:38.520
Nathan George: So I think we should make sure when we add this metric we acknowledge this is what we know about it's not happening.

401
00:51:39.300 --> 00:51:39.810
yeah.

402
00:51:48.780 --> 00:51:51.390
Jim Zhang: yeah, I think, for the most part, this is.

403
00:51:52.890 --> 00:52:04.080
Jim Zhang: Pulling information from from the outside world, unless we create some some sort of channel and encourage people to do it, we probably will never find out.

404
00:52:09.480 --> 00:52:14.850
Jim Zhang: Okay, so sounds like the the the the action here is.

405
00:52:16.740 --> 00:52:23.640
Jim Zhang: I guess i'll work with with Dave and Tracy in heart and see if there are things we could do here.

406
00:52:26.130 --> 00:52:34.650
Jim Zhang: I think it'd be great if we if we can collect the sort of information it's great marketing material for the high pleasure brand.

407
00:52:38.820 --> 00:52:39.960
Jim Zhang: Alright cool.

408
00:52:41.520 --> 00:52:44.010
Jim Zhang: I wonder if the certified vendors right.

409
00:52:45.960 --> 00:52:48.060
Jim Zhang: might be an interesting resource.

410
00:52:50.160 --> 00:52:55.230
Jim Zhang: see what customers from their point of view are using which technologies.

411
00:52:58.050 --> 00:52:59.850
Jim Zhang: Maybe we can reach out to ask them.

412
00:53:05.220 --> 00:53:05.790
Jim Zhang: All right.

413
00:53:09.300 --> 00:53:10.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, unless.

414
00:53:12.690 --> 00:53:13.590
there's a distribution.

415
00:53:17.280 --> 00:53:19.740
Ry Jones: deal you're not using the correct microphone.

416
00:53:19.890 --> 00:53:21.210
Daniela Barbosa: Oh sorry, can you hear me now.

417
00:53:21.720 --> 00:53:24.360
Daniela Barbosa: yeah all right um there is a.

418
00:53:25.620 --> 00:53:30.990
Daniela Barbosa: list for the HC SPS but the ch CSP or just for hyper ledger fabric right now.

419
00:53:32.160 --> 00:53:34.890
Daniela Barbosa: But many of them do work across projects.

420
00:53:38.490 --> 00:53:38.910
Jim Zhang: yeah.

421
00:53:42.720 --> 00:53:47.910
Jim Zhang: cool it'd be okay, for us to contact them to to ask these sorts of questions right.

422
00:53:47.970 --> 00:53:49.200
Daniela Barbosa: Then yeah.

423
00:53:49.380 --> 00:53:50.490
Daniela Barbosa: We are awesome.

424
00:53:52.200 --> 00:53:53.010
Jim Zhang: that's great.

425
00:53:54.840 --> 00:54:07.500
Jim Zhang: um so let's move on to the next one, by the way, anybody is welcome to you are to make additional edits after the call, so we only have four minutes left.

426
00:54:08.850 --> 00:54:10.170
Jim Zhang: Production readiness.

427
00:54:11.820 --> 00:54:18.630
Jim Zhang: We want to see if it's already past one dot zero what's the test coverage of the code base.

428
00:54:20.340 --> 00:54:29.790
Jim Zhang: Do they publish performance and real reliability testing data is the user documentation of high quality anything else for this part.

429
00:54:38.220 --> 00:54:38.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

430
00:54:40.560 --> 00:54:56.550
Bobbi Muscara: yeah, I just wanted to supply if we run out of time that the learning materials working group is currently creating a badging system for documentation to move from incubation to graduated status, you must have all the pieces and we're working on that presented the tasc in the near future.

431
00:54:58.020 --> 00:55:11.670
Jim Zhang: That would be a great thing to do, we would love to to have a sort of a standard view to the quality of documentation that it's very important thanks thanks for the working group for doing for doing that.

432
00:55:12.870 --> 00:55:14.280
Tracy Kuhrt: And engine just.

433
00:55:15.510 --> 00:55:19.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Because there's not here, he had last.

434
00:55:21.990 --> 00:55:28.110
Tracy Kuhrt: last season, the last term for the TC suggested a badging.

435
00:55:29.550 --> 00:55:46.500
Tracy Kuhrt: proposal, but it never made progress, we might want to go revisit that as we looked at matching it up with what we're doing here with the project health on to see if there's any additional sort of items that were included that budget proposal that we should be in the pudding here.

436
00:55:47.370 --> 00:55:59.280
Jim Zhang: yeah yeah i'd be all for helping with that because I know from our own experience with firefly the team can definitely use help on.

437
00:56:00.390 --> 00:56:15.570
Jim Zhang: what's the best way to write effective documentation right, so this will be also very valuable to the to the projects, because as developers, we know how to write good code, not necessarily write documentation and it's it can make a huge difference.

438
00:56:18.930 --> 00:56:19.350
Jim Zhang: awesome.

439
00:56:20.940 --> 00:56:29.730
Jim Zhang: So sorry this is taking longer than expected, so I think we have to stop now, I try to organize a off cycle.

440
00:56:30.750 --> 00:56:39.780
Jim Zhang: Meeting to continue to finish this metrics and again everybody is welcome to to do more edits and add your thoughts there.

441
00:56:40.860 --> 00:56:45.630
Jim Zhang: Thanks thanks thanks a lot for all the great discussions and back to you Tracy.

442
00:56:46.560 --> 00:56:49.350
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Jim yeah so.

443
00:56:50.400 --> 00:56:55.530
Tracy Kuhrt: As Jim mentioned feel free to edit this stuff and add additional items or commentary to it.

444
00:56:56.580 --> 00:56:59.040
Tracy Kuhrt: he's capturing it under the task force.

445
00:57:01.290 --> 00:57:16.440
Tracy Kuhrt: Section there's a project health Task Force and he's got some meeting notes so feel free to edit that and get your comments available, and with that i'm going to close the meeting for today, thank you all for joining, and we will see you again next week.

446
00:57:17.610 --> 00:57:18.210
Hart Montgomery: Thanks Tracy.

447
00:57:18.600 --> 00:57:19.350
Jim Zhang: fizzy.

448
00:57:19.680 --> 00:57:20.610
Sierra banks.

