WEBVTT

1
00:00:08.220 --> 00:00:21.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so welcome to the January 27 TC calc as you are probably all aware, there are two things that you must abide by in joining this call the first one.

2
00:00:22.050 --> 00:00:32.580
Tracy Kuhrt: Is the antitrust policy notice that is displayed on the screen and the second one is our code of conduct, which is linked in the agenda.

3
00:00:33.660 --> 00:00:44.070
Tracy Kuhrt: The code of conduct basically says don't be a jerk and make sure to take into account everybody's different opinions and ideas.

4
00:00:45.330 --> 00:00:56.190
Tracy Kuhrt: So we have three announcements today, the first announcement here is one that is always on our agenda just a reminder to everybody that the.

5
00:00:56.850 --> 00:01:15.330
Tracy Kuhrt: Dev weekly developer newsletter goes out on Friday and if there's anything that you would like to reach the hundreds of hyper ledger developers, please click on that link and leave a comment and we'll get the information in that newsletter that goes out.

6
00:01:16.650 --> 00:01:25.980
Tracy Kuhrt: The second one is, as you are probably aware from our conversation I think it was two weeks ago, the hyper ledger challenge has kicked off.

7
00:01:26.520 --> 00:01:45.750
Tracy Kuhrt: And they're looking for mentors across all of the different areas within hyper ledger so if you're interested in being a mentor there is a link there for you to click on and volunteer your time and then the last announcement here i'm going to let men talk us through.

8
00:01:46.680 --> 00:02:05.910
Min Yu: yeah Thank you Tracy so to continue the theme of mentoring here, so the hyper ledger foundation we're launching the mentorship program on February 1 and that starts starts with the call for mentors and project proposals.

9
00:02:07.260 --> 00:02:24.540
Min Yu: If you can click on that link that will take you to the foreclosure mentorship program on the wiki page, this is actually the sixth year that we're doing this program, this is a formal mentorship program it's part of the Linux foundation mentoring mentorship initiative.

10
00:02:25.710 --> 00:02:35.340
Min Yu: Actually, over the last five six years we have for hyper ledger we have steadily increasing the funding and number of.

11
00:02:36.390 --> 00:02:58.260
Min Yu: For this program and the number of mentors and mentees who are involved in this program have also steadily increased as well just to give you some data points, if I look at 2020 wow we funded 2021 projects more than I think we have close to 30 some mentors involved 22 mentees involved.

12
00:02:59.400 --> 00:03:04.470
Min Yu: All projects, except one were successfully completed and i'm hoping.

13
00:03:05.760 --> 00:03:19.530
Min Yu: You don't just from the project presentations that are heard at the end of last year and the majority of the mentees are planning to continue, I hope, they're still involved in the hyper ledger community, so this is a great opportunity, where I for to connect.

14
00:03:21.000 --> 00:03:30.600
Min Yu: Those who are active in the Community who want to mentor who want to teach with those who want to get their foot into the hyper ledger open source community so.

15
00:03:31.500 --> 00:03:46.590
Min Yu: we're so as I mentioned we're going to be sending out the call for mentors and project proposals next week failure, first the project so Tracy if you want to click on the program timeline.

16
00:03:49.620 --> 00:04:05.250
Min Yu: Thank you so let's see yeah so starting from failure, first through march 9 that's the project proposal time that phase and then we'll have about two weeks to review.

17
00:04:06.120 --> 00:04:18.930
Min Yu: All the project proposals that we receive and then, once we approve the project proposals were put on the Linux foundation is called Elf X mentorship platform.

18
00:04:19.440 --> 00:04:30.900
Min Yu: To accept mentee applications for six weeks and then we'll have two weeks period for the mentors to review all the applications that came in and select the amenities, that they would like to work with.

19
00:04:31.320 --> 00:04:42.360
Min Yu: And then all the mentorship will officially start on June 1 and the mentees can participate, either as a full time or part time mentee So those are the timelines for the full time.

20
00:04:43.380 --> 00:05:01.290
Min Yu: program and the part time program, as I mentioned, actually, even on the tlc roster I know many of you actually have been involved in this program so hope many of you will get involved this year as well, if you have time if you're interested.

21
00:05:03.060 --> 00:05:10.110
Min Yu: yeah and also, if you have any questions I did put on the tasc agenda, please contact mentorship a hyper ledger.org.

22
00:05:11.910 --> 00:05:20.370
Min Yu: I am on that alias and watching us if you have any questions so i'll respond from there, or if you have any questions today, yes, then your.

23
00:05:21.420 --> 00:05:28.710
Daniela Barbosa: hi I just want to let everybody know that the men has been fantastic and amazing over the last few years running this.

24
00:05:29.040 --> 00:05:38.580
Daniela Barbosa: mentorship program continues to grow, it continues to support the mentors and mentees it's really amazing know looking across the Linux foundation, I think the hyper ledger.

25
00:05:38.940 --> 00:05:49.770
Daniela Barbosa: mentee program is you know, probably the one that is you know the best managed and just fantastic so Hats off to men Thank you so much, and that's why we continue to invest in in this.

26
00:05:50.370 --> 00:05:59.220
Daniela Barbosa: As men said, this is a great opportunity for all the project leads to you know, to put forward a proposal for work that they are doing or want to be doing.

27
00:05:59.670 --> 00:06:10.140
Daniela Barbosa: To get some some assistance and, more importantly, to bring in new talent new contributors and new maintain owners to our Community, so I really encourage everyone to do that.

28
00:06:10.500 --> 00:06:15.300
Daniela Barbosa: And if anybody has questions about you know what does it take to be a mentor what should I do.

29
00:06:15.690 --> 00:06:23.100
Daniela Barbosa: Please reach out to men or anybody on staff and there's also a listing on on the wiki kind of feedback that men has gathered from a lot of the other.

30
00:06:23.520 --> 00:06:31.890
Daniela Barbosa: mentors over the years that would be helpful The other thing is that David boswell and Roy Jones and john bowen are going to be.

31
00:06:32.370 --> 00:06:39.330
Daniela Barbosa: just looking as well at some of the project reports that have been done over the last few quarters to see if there's opportunities.

32
00:06:39.570 --> 00:06:54.180
Daniela Barbosa: This to reach out to the maintainer is even if they're not on this call today and having them participate, so please think through who in the Community, if not yourself could leverage this program this is paid through our Member membership.

33
00:06:55.350 --> 00:06:59.910
Daniela Barbosa: Funds, and we want to make sure that everyone in the Community can leverage it so.

34
00:07:00.480 --> 00:07:07.320
Daniela Barbosa: Happy you know men I can't Thank you enough, I know you get a lot of kudos across the lf when we're talking about mentorship program, but I want to.

35
00:07:07.590 --> 00:07:17.670
Daniela Barbosa: say this in front of the technical steering committee without your assistance over the last few years we couldn't have had you know 20 projects deliver code and and hopefully new contributors to the project, so thank you.

36
00:07:18.600 --> 00:07:28.740
Min Yu: Thanks Daniela yes thanks for adding in additional data points and also encouraging everybody to leverage this program it's fungus who are yes membership funds and.

37
00:07:29.490 --> 00:07:34.320
Min Yu: it's it's been a great experience for me to just to see you know.

38
00:07:35.190 --> 00:07:49.860
Min Yu: All the contributions coming in from the mentees and getting the mentors and mentees connected to this program so thank you very much, and thank you Tracy as well you're you have always helped me with the wiki setup of this program as well, so thank you.

39
00:07:52.080 --> 00:07:57.930
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah great thanks man thanks Daniel any questions from him on the mentorship Program.

40
00:08:04.470 --> 00:08:05.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so you know questions.

41
00:08:06.660 --> 00:08:09.810
Tracy Kuhrt: Are there any other announcements that anybody on the call would like to make.

42
00:08:17.160 --> 00:08:36.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Right, see no hands, nobody coming up for you, I will then move us on to the the quarterly reports, so we do have three links here the southeast one just showed up yesterday, so I noticed this morning that not everybody has had the opportunity to review that yet.

43
00:08:37.920 --> 00:08:54.870
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the caliper and the fabric one came in on time for us to review and I see that most of us have reviewed it, I did not see any specific questions on any of the reports, although I did see your comment about.

44
00:08:56.430 --> 00:09:07.830
Tracy Kuhrt: The code of conduct and the sawtooth one but are there any questions or comments things that we should take back to the maintainer Czar the project report filers on these project reports.

45
00:09:11.100 --> 00:09:17.340
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So Tracy I actually wanted to highlight for everybody to see in case they haven't seen my comment, I mean.

46
00:09:17.760 --> 00:09:27.570
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know this is a case where the so to team reports they have not really implemented the command requisite to restructure they're missing the code of conduct.

47
00:09:27.900 --> 00:09:35.070
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The change log you know I can see the argument, they feel like they are you know, achieving the same result in a different way.

48
00:09:35.400 --> 00:09:42.360
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And I can give them a break on this, on the other day, on the other hand, the code of conduct, I mean now it's been several months we have been.

49
00:09:42.780 --> 00:09:49.140
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know, we have asked the groups that all the different projects to align the repository where the common.

50
00:09:50.070 --> 00:10:10.800
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): repository structure we have defined, and I am I have to admit my patients is running teen on that one I feel like this is a very low hanging fruit and they should make the effort, and you know I wonder at one point we start you know, showing a bit of like you call this like.

51
00:10:11.880 --> 00:10:16.140
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): We put a bit more pressure on the project to say Come on, did you act together, please.

52
00:10:17.820 --> 00:10:23.430
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah you know, I was just thinking as you were talking it might just be worth while to create a PR.

53
00:10:24.780 --> 00:10:33.780
Tracy Kuhrt: I think if i'm not mistaken, our code of conduct just will point to the code of conduct that we have that standard, so it might be a really easy PR for.

54
00:10:34.830 --> 00:10:35.490
Tracy Kuhrt: us to.

55
00:10:38.070 --> 00:10:44.400
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And the thought of also cross my mind, I was like you know it probably didn't take much, but at the same time, I felt like.

56
00:10:45.300 --> 00:10:46.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Why should I guess the point.

57
00:10:46.650 --> 00:10:48.300
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Is it's you know.

58
00:10:49.590 --> 00:10:59.610
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): it's easy enough for them to do it, they should they want to be part of hyper ledger they i've seen you know we don't as much from the project, I think this is a very small thing they ought to do.

59
00:11:02.280 --> 00:11:06.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright next I know any other comments on any of the.

60
00:11:06.900 --> 00:11:07.770
Project report.

61
00:11:13.440 --> 00:11:13.770
Tracy Kuhrt: Right.

62
00:11:15.330 --> 00:11:22.440
Aruna S M: So so some of the reports I keep repeatedly saying that they are looking for more maintenance to get started with the project.

63
00:11:23.340 --> 00:11:33.840
Aruna S M: So instead of taking a passive approach I guess how about taking an active approach, where we know the list of newly proposed projects on the labs and.

64
00:11:34.500 --> 00:11:43.320
Aruna S M: So far, has asked has been whenever a new project proposal comes in the labs we asked them to check with one of the existing projects and see if they meet.

65
00:11:43.740 --> 00:11:54.840
Aruna S M: The requirements and then join them right so, on the other side, we now see many of these projects are requesting additional support they say we don't have enough maintainer, so we need more contributors.

66
00:11:55.380 --> 00:12:04.800
Aruna S M: So how about we asked the projects as well to do the same thing if we identify a new project proposal which falls in line with those.

67
00:12:05.550 --> 00:12:14.010
Aruna S M: We should probably intimate those those project teams and ask them to go and look have a talk to those teams who are proposing a new project, maybe they.

68
00:12:14.910 --> 00:12:24.000
Aruna S M: There is a potential for expanding the project scope or there could it may all end up to be a new project altogether, but it should be more active.

69
00:12:25.110 --> 00:12:28.560
Aruna S M: From the project teams if they're looking for more contributors.

70
00:12:33.750 --> 00:12:34.350
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

71
00:12:34.590 --> 00:12:39.060
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah thanks I think that the comment or the the suggestion is.

72
00:12:40.710 --> 00:12:55.230
Tracy Kuhrt: A good one, I guess, the question is, are we asking the main caters to do that are we asking the lab stewart's to do that, who is the asked to that we tried to get the maintainer to the lab projects or laps.

73
00:12:56.250 --> 00:13:09.150
Aruna S M: So the first point of contact will still be labs towards because they keep a close eye on new labs being proposed, however, they don't they're not entitled to handle this throughout right, for example.

74
00:13:10.440 --> 00:13:20.820
Aruna S M: you're being allowed to do do identify new project proposed and you I you know, basically, the area or the domain that it falls under you can notify.

75
00:13:21.870 --> 00:13:27.900
Aruna S M: Somebody from the project team that hey here is a new project, I would like you to get in touch with them.

76
00:13:33.750 --> 00:13:35.790
Aruna S M: guys mostly the labs D words, then.

77
00:13:38.040 --> 00:13:39.750
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I know.

78
00:13:41.940 --> 00:13:47.910
Tracy Kuhrt: I know when I tried very hard in the comments for the labs right to make those connections.

79
00:13:48.930 --> 00:13:56.460
Tracy Kuhrt: But I don't think we specifically call out mean here's where the projects we try to put that more on the labs.

80
00:13:58.050 --> 00:14:02.730
Tracy Kuhrt: That people were suggesting the labs to have that conversation, but I think.

81
00:14:04.440 --> 00:14:13.440
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, we won't be able to tag them tag them in theaters and get hub they don't have to be a separate process, because they are two different organizations.

82
00:14:20.460 --> 00:14:24.150
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, any other comments on the project reports, then.

83
00:14:32.430 --> 00:14:45.000
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so let's then move on to our discussion items and just a reminder for anybody who might be talking to the areas or the indie Community their reports are due next week.

84
00:14:46.380 --> 00:14:58.560
Tracy Kuhrt: So the the first discussion item that we have here is one that we started last week but didn't make it very far through it really is a question around, how do we.

85
00:14:59.880 --> 00:15:02.460
Tracy Kuhrt: Encourage projects to graduate.

86
00:15:03.510 --> 00:15:24.690
Tracy Kuhrt: And do we have enough benefits to offer to our projects as they work through the life cycle, I think we were having a conversation at the end of last week, around two sorts of things one or no had suggested that maybe instead of adding additional benefits, maybe it's removing benefits.

87
00:15:26.520 --> 00:15:47.700
Tracy Kuhrt: But there's a tension there because we want the incubator projects to really be successful in gathering a Community doing the work necessary to figure out how to you know work their way towards the incubation exit criteria so that they can graduate so there's a bit of attention there.

88
00:15:48.870 --> 00:15:58.470
Tracy Kuhrt: surrounding that, and so I think you know that's that's really the two pieces that we talked about last week in our conversation.

89
00:15:58.980 --> 00:16:16.740
Tracy Kuhrt: And so I want to kind of continue this conversation see if anybody has come up with any sort of additional benefits that they might think are useful to offer to our graduated projects versus the incubated projects and.

90
00:16:18.000 --> 00:16:23.970
Tracy Kuhrt: Also, then maybe take a look at some of the suggestions that David has provided in the.

91
00:16:25.740 --> 00:16:40.620
Tracy Kuhrt: In that wiki page as well, which I copied here to make it easier for us to reference so let's start with the question of, are there any additional benefits that anybody has come up with that we think we should offer to graduate it projects.

92
00:16:42.690 --> 00:16:49.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything that would incentivize our projects to move towards graduated heart.

93
00:16:50.850 --> 00:16:57.510
Hart Montgomery: Thanks Tracy I think David suggestions are really good here so like workshops translation stuff.

94
00:16:59.880 --> 00:17:05.520
Hart Montgomery: I think there's a lot of marketing stuff that we could probably restrict to graduated projects.

95
00:17:11.520 --> 00:17:11.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

96
00:17:16.320 --> 00:17:19.380
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything else that anybody thinks would be good.

97
00:17:22.320 --> 00:17:23.850
Tracy Kuhrt: As incentives.

98
00:17:29.610 --> 00:17:37.560
David Boswell: I will point out that, on the notes that I put on there, thank you for copying those over Tracy I did change them yesterday I had an opportunity to talk to somebody at cnc F.

99
00:17:38.040 --> 00:17:43.740
David Boswell: Yesterday, so if you read those earlier last week, the the documentation and translation ones, have been.

100
00:17:44.220 --> 00:17:48.870
David Boswell: changed somewhat to provide more details about what they do so i'll just cover those really quick, just so people.

101
00:17:49.230 --> 00:17:56.730
David Boswell: Know cnc F has a project services Doc similar to what we're talking about doing, and they do include translation and documentation support on that.

102
00:17:57.390 --> 00:18:07.290
David Boswell: And I was really curious about what that meant it was not they didn't go into a lot of details on the dock itself, so I wanted to talk to somebody there they do invest funds there and they do a range of things.

103
00:18:07.980 --> 00:18:16.410
David Boswell: Not so much documentation directly, although it sounds like they do have some staff do that to bootstrap some things a lot of it is more coordination efforts, which is.

104
00:18:16.920 --> 00:18:27.660
David Boswell: similar to what we did last year around the fabric translation work with the documentation so there's a lot of coordinating efforts that can be done so, for example, one thing they said is Google offers.

105
00:18:28.380 --> 00:18:33.870
David Boswell: A season of code program and so somebody on staff can manage that and apply for that and make sure that they get.

106
00:18:34.200 --> 00:18:43.710
David Boswell: into that program so that's that coordination effort is something for us to consider something else they did that I also thought was really interesting and I have a link there, though, they also have.

107
00:18:45.450 --> 00:18:51.390
David Boswell: What they call Doc assessment so to have somebody go in and review the state of a project documentation.

108
00:18:51.720 --> 00:18:59.100
David Boswell: and analyze that and provide recommendations so somewhat you know, I think, giving some sort of roadmap and support and guidance to a project about what.

109
00:18:59.430 --> 00:19:03.690
David Boswell: documentation, they should focus on what documentation be helpful, so I think.

110
00:19:04.140 --> 00:19:12.960
David Boswell: Those give some more details I think my notes that initially said hey we should probably do something around documentation and translation because that's critical, which I think it is, but at least this is a little bit more.

111
00:19:13.320 --> 00:19:21.870
David Boswell: concrete and specific to see what another element explanation project is doing and so just just to flag that I added those notes last night and people may not have seen that because.

112
00:19:22.650 --> 00:19:32.100
David Boswell: That was just a recent addition, but I do think like the assessments and the coordination and organization support could be really, really valuable in terms of the documentation translation.

113
00:19:35.220 --> 00:19:59.610
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah and I will, because while he's not here i'm pretty sure that the learning materials working group was also looking at trying to help the different projects with their documentation and improving those so I mean I definitely think improving documentation is a good thing, I will.

114
00:20:02.520 --> 00:20:12.690
Tracy Kuhrt: I will kind of go back to I think it was our know last know Maybe it was hard last week I don't know what are the two of you said something about that tension right between helping.

115
00:20:13.980 --> 00:20:30.420
Tracy Kuhrt: projects that are incubated kind of work their way up and I will say that this particular one for improving documentation seems like a really strong sort of thing that a lot of incubator projects might need help with right.

116
00:20:32.190 --> 00:20:39.450
Tracy Kuhrt: improving their documentation, so that people can get up to speed quickly bring up their development environments Whatever the case may be right.

117
00:20:40.710 --> 00:20:51.690
Tracy Kuhrt: So just for something to consider right, how do we, how do we ensure that, as we are trying to help our incubator projects that we're not.

118
00:20:53.400 --> 00:20:57.420
Tracy Kuhrt: doing them a disservice, I guess, in this particular regards with documentation.

119
00:21:01.980 --> 00:21:02.100
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So.

120
00:21:03.000 --> 00:21:03.810
David Boswell: Sorry go ahead, no.

121
00:21:04.380 --> 00:21:13.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): No, I wanted to follow up, I mean I sure did talk about this tension and I think this is indeed a bit of a challenge, at the same time.

122
00:21:14.790 --> 00:21:15.720
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I you know.

123
00:21:16.950 --> 00:21:29.880
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So I as you as you reminded everybody I did say that maybe there is also a way which is to remove some of the benefits we already grant to incubation project and we didn't really talk too much about it.

124
00:21:30.450 --> 00:21:44.370
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Because we then shifted to more like or maybe we should you know we seen projects to a different level which is yet another completely different thing to do, but I do think i've looked at the set of.

125
00:21:45.180 --> 00:21:51.840
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): criteria on the benefits that we have for each stage and I do think it's an interesting.

126
00:21:52.320 --> 00:22:01.320
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): There is maybe ways we can reduce a little bit some of the benefits and I think, maybe, whether it should be a driving factor for this is whether.

127
00:22:01.890 --> 00:22:05.910
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know it's how much it costs to the organization to.

128
00:22:06.900 --> 00:22:18.510
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): provide those services, I mean Obviously there are things that are you know pretty free I mean like you know, create a Twitter account is like okay that takes a few minutes for staff to do it and.

129
00:22:19.110 --> 00:22:28.620
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know it doesn't cost anything on the other end if we look at you know training courses, I guess, this is pretty expensive thing to do.

130
00:22:30.060 --> 00:22:46.260
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): security audits are so expensive, there is an actual cost, and so I think there are a few things like this, we could definitely say well you know what yeah these things are nice to have but incubation projects are not going to get this they only get that if you graduate.

131
00:22:48.420 --> 00:22:55.260
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The documentation improvement i'm kind of on the edge, because I agree with what you said.

132
00:22:56.280 --> 00:23:05.940
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Tracy it would definitely help them to have better documentation, but you know, maybe it's there's only so much you can offer.

133
00:23:08.880 --> 00:23:10.980
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I like I like the idea or no.

134
00:23:12.180 --> 00:23:18.450
Tracy Kuhrt: Cost being a deciding factor for some of these things, David I saw you come off mute again.

135
00:23:19.680 --> 00:23:24.840
David Boswell: And I was gonna say it doesn't have to be an either or situation, we could provide a lower amount of support.

136
00:23:25.020 --> 00:23:33.210
David Boswell: At one level and a higher amount of that sort of support at another you know it's, not to say hey if this is a documentation and translation support.

137
00:23:33.540 --> 00:23:48.630
David Boswell: it's a service we give to graduated projects that doesn't mean we give nothing of that incubation maybe just a smaller amount, you know, maybe more of a bootstrap versus have a full, you know service that we would give to a graduated project.

138
00:23:53.130 --> 00:23:54.030
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah make sense.

139
00:23:57.030 --> 00:23:58.890
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, any other yeah.

140
00:24:01.800 --> 00:24:08.280
Aruna S M: I just tested question on the chat box as well, so I was curious since we were talking about the cost implications for graduated projects.

141
00:24:08.340 --> 00:24:17.340
Aruna S M: And we know we do have mentorship options through Linux foundation, I was curious if hyper hyper ledger would any way be willing to have.

142
00:24:18.750 --> 00:24:32.370
Aruna S M: Additional developers in case a project is willing to go into graduated state So when I say additional developer support it could be for multiple minutes right, for example, some of those projects may want.

143
00:24:35.190 --> 00:24:41.790
Aruna S M: Maybe they are going silent for a few days, or maybe they're looking for additional developers, to help them on a short sprint.

144
00:24:43.020 --> 00:24:50.400
Aruna S M: Is is there such a provision that I may not be very sure if this is like tss co but just curious to learn more.

145
00:24:54.600 --> 00:24:56.460
Ry Jones: I know, in the past.

146
00:24:57.180 --> 00:25:00.300
Ry Jones: We hyper ledger has been pretty clear about.

147
00:25:01.770 --> 00:25:05.970
Ry Jones: not paying you know developers to work on projects.

148
00:25:08.460 --> 00:25:11.520
Ry Jones: The sounds like something slightly different Daniel.

149
00:25:15.420 --> 00:25:19.470
Daniela Barbosa: I like to hear the comments if anybody else has comments before commenting.

150
00:25:21.660 --> 00:25:26.940
Daniela Barbosa: But I do have something to say, but does anybody else have anything to say that's not on staff.

151
00:25:33.900 --> 00:25:51.510
Daniela Barbosa: So i'll just point to a couple of things that i've seen recently in the Community that i've also seen over the last four and a half years, there are incentives and programs, for example, I saw that the government of British Columbia just awarded.

152
00:25:52.560 --> 00:26:00.150
Daniela Barbosa: A contract to indie CEO in our Community, to do some work specific to hyper ledger indie and decides.

153
00:26:00.840 --> 00:26:08.580
Daniela Barbosa: So you know, this is our Community Member right that the government of British Columbia is actually an associate member of hyper ledger they needed.

154
00:26:09.150 --> 00:26:18.900
Daniela Barbosa: Some some work done, you know that is to the benefit of the whole Community, and that funding came directly from that government there's also some other ones happening in Europe that we continually see.

155
00:26:19.230 --> 00:26:26.580
Daniela Barbosa: So I think you know, we need to find you know ways to make these types of grants and the ways to.

156
00:26:27.150 --> 00:26:34.800
Daniela Barbosa: To to figure out ways to fund, you know some development work coming out of specifically you know to rise point around.

157
00:26:35.490 --> 00:26:48.660
Daniela Barbosa: Budget so membership, the dollars that are brought in from from our Members, we have not funded any development we do Fund resources like rye and Sean and others on staff to help assist.

158
00:26:49.260 --> 00:26:58.890
Daniela Barbosa: We can you know find creative ways to support more mentor ships, we just increased it by for this year and making sure that the projects take advantage of that.

159
00:26:59.670 --> 00:27:09.300
Daniela Barbosa: So there are different ways that we can do, but you know across the Linux foundation it's very limited when we do pay for work for development work.

160
00:27:12.630 --> 00:27:15.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Donna, I think the mentorship.

161
00:27:16.830 --> 00:27:33.330
Tracy Kuhrt: pieces key right, it sounds like that's a really good way for us to if you will fund certain development, but it does require the input from people in the Community to be mentors, and so I think you know.

162
00:27:35.160 --> 00:27:46.440
Tracy Kuhrt: It wouldn't necessarily sound like we could say hey well graduated projects get priority or something like that, because it's really going to depend on who shows up to be the mentor.

163
00:27:47.910 --> 00:27:56.400
Daniela Barbosa: And just a reminder, the tlc chooses who gets selected for those you know for the the project development projects.

164
00:27:57.420 --> 00:27:57.540
You.

165
00:27:58.890 --> 00:28:17.730
Aruna S M: Know maybe a follow up question or a slightly modified version of my earlier question so let's keep aside the development aspect for for us for a while and how about the other other than any other routine tasks that a project needs to go through, and it could be, along with documentation.

166
00:28:18.990 --> 00:28:28.590
Aruna S M: Maybe some of the projects, they are so occupied like they need somebody helping in managing their projects and terms of organizing them or.

167
00:28:30.180 --> 00:28:45.690
Aruna S M: Maybe that's an incentive that a graduated project gets like we could support them in their release management aspects, so that they completely focused on the development or the technical aspects, the other aspects, would be taken case as a benefit.

168
00:28:47.280 --> 00:28:51.930
Aruna S M: Is that something physical art again that falls under the same category.

169
00:29:01.770 --> 00:29:04.860
Daniela Barbosa: I think we can take a look at that and see what is required.

170
00:29:09.360 --> 00:29:12.210
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I mean I guess and.

171
00:29:13.410 --> 00:29:18.900
Tracy Kuhrt: Not not to shut it down a room, but I do want to just provide some some thoughts on that.

172
00:29:21.180 --> 00:29:35.610
Tracy Kuhrt: That will probably seem country and they're not necessarily meant to be contrary but much more to start discussion, which is that if you think about one of the things that it takes to.

173
00:29:35.670 --> 00:29:37.980
Tracy Kuhrt: move from incubated.

174
00:29:38.040 --> 00:29:47.250
Tracy Kuhrt: to graduate it, it is that the project has figured out how to do releases right they've.

175
00:29:48.030 --> 00:29:57.120
Tracy Kuhrt: figured out what the release process looks like they figured out how to to manage that release process and go through a couple of releases before.

176
00:29:58.080 --> 00:30:04.710
Tracy Kuhrt: they're allowed to exit incubation that's one of the criteria that we have, so I guess you know.

177
00:30:05.520 --> 00:30:22.830
Tracy Kuhrt: my mind says if if now we're offering to graduate projects that once they figured out how to do that, they don't have to do that anymore, it seems a bit wrong or contrary to to kind of why we wanted that in the incubation exit criteria in the first place.

178
00:30:28.980 --> 00:30:29.550
Aruna S M: Your.

179
00:30:30.960 --> 00:30:32.700
Aruna S M: understand you know fine.

180
00:30:35.280 --> 00:30:50.520
Aruna S M: But if that is an opposite, I mean option open, then we could definitely start looking into aspects that projects struggle, but, and we can incentivize them if they graduate if if any such support is extendable apart from documentation.

181
00:30:52.200 --> 00:30:52.530
Aruna S M: Maybe.

182
00:30:55.350 --> 00:30:56.700
Tracy Kuhrt: I think you're exactly right like.

183
00:30:56.850 --> 00:30:58.740
Tracy Kuhrt: What are the, what are the things that.

184
00:30:59.610 --> 00:31:07.530
Tracy Kuhrt: Projects our challenge with and take a look at those might be the sort of thing that will allow us to understand what we should add to the list.

185
00:31:14.430 --> 00:31:14.820
Daniela Barbosa: angry.

186
00:31:15.750 --> 00:31:20.640
David Boswell: yeah that'd be great that's sort of feedback is certainly welcome yeah what support is helpful.

187
00:31:22.320 --> 00:31:28.410
David Boswell: I have one one last comment if if we just before we move on, I do want to share that.

188
00:31:29.250 --> 00:31:36.750
David Boswell: I do think the workshops are going to be a very big incentive after graduated level, but I know that might not seem that way because it's a new concept and we haven't really.

189
00:31:37.290 --> 00:31:45.690
David Boswell: done these before I will just flag that we did the first workshop last week and Sean and I are doing some analysis we're going to do the second workshop next week so.

190
00:31:46.440 --> 00:31:59.400
David Boswell: Probably the week after that Sean I will come and provide some data points about how those went, but the early indications are those are very helpful, both in terms of helping a project connect with people who want to use it as well as contribute to it.

191
00:31:59.940 --> 00:32:06.900
David Boswell: Just without much promotion, the areas we had to cap areas one around 400 people expressed interest in going.

192
00:32:07.350 --> 00:32:15.480
David Boswell: The ND one is just under that I think it's around 363 70 right now and again we haven't really been promoting it that much we just announced a fabric workshop so.

193
00:32:15.690 --> 00:32:26.070
David Boswell: we're gonna have a lot of data points to look at about do these work are they effective, but the early indications are good so just to flag, that I do think going forward that is going to be something that provides a lot of value.

194
00:32:26.460 --> 00:32:38.040
David Boswell: But I realized just looking at that document that might not seem that way because again it's a new concept there's no real track history to look at, so to speak, but we'll we'll follow up with a tlc with some data points and two weeks.

195
00:32:39.780 --> 00:32:52.140
Daniela Barbosa: But, just a quick, those are funded and they're not volunteer because I know we've done a lot of these similar things over the years from a volunteer perspective, these are funded projects.

196
00:32:54.210 --> 00:32:55.050
Daniela Barbosa: workshops i'm sorry.

197
00:32:58.320 --> 00:32:58.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Peter.

198
00:33:01.410 --> 00:33:13.290
Peter Somogyvari: Schwartz to add the plus one to that carrot ID for helping with release management through projects and maintain or for the projects who's in the incubator incubation.

199
00:33:14.670 --> 00:33:28.590
Peter Somogyvari: I actually already have been on the Community architects mailing list asking for help regarding release management and I didn't get a lot of help as well and to me that was very, very helpful in.

200
00:33:29.640 --> 00:33:48.300
Peter Somogyvari: moving us towards the graduated state, and if that didn't exist, it will be much harder in, and I think as a carrot, it would be good if there could be in warfare because there's a lot to the other there's a lot that goes into building management just by itself.

201
00:33:55.410 --> 00:33:57.180
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Peter for the plus one.

202
00:33:59.520 --> 00:34:02.400
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other thoughts or comments.

203
00:34:15.780 --> 00:34:18.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so before we move off this topic.

204
00:34:20.460 --> 00:34:33.390
Tracy Kuhrt: A bit any other staff members Was this a useful discussion for you do we need to discuss anything further, what are your thoughts as far as next steps for this particular item.

205
00:34:35.010 --> 00:34:43.920
David Boswell: It has been useful for sure I mean getting people's feedback about the balance what's the right balance between the you know, supporting incubation versus incentivizing.

206
00:34:44.280 --> 00:34:54.270
David Boswell: The release management idea is something worth looking into appreciate the feedback on the docks I mean yeah this was great I think we will take it and Polish it and then share it bang.

207
00:34:57.930 --> 00:34:58.200
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

208
00:34:58.560 --> 00:35:01.290
Tracy Kuhrt: Great well if anybody does come up with anything else.

209
00:35:01.380 --> 00:35:14.130
Tracy Kuhrt: As their you know, in the in the shower you know not thinking about this at all, and it POPs into your head and definitely let David know and i'm sure he would appreciate that input.

210
00:35:16.290 --> 00:35:34.320
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so, then the next item that we have on our agenda is that Jim a few weeks back head made a comment that he would make some suggestions on things that we might do to update the template of the quarterly reports.

211
00:35:35.880 --> 00:35:42.450
Tracy Kuhrt: As we you know started this discussion, it was really around what do we do when we don't get.

212
00:35:43.620 --> 00:35:58.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Project reports and the concern that maybe they were too onerous to complete for some of our projects or the projects didn't see anything useful coming out of the fact that they're doing these project reports.

213
00:35:59.310 --> 00:36:14.790
Tracy Kuhrt: So you know a few weeks back, we had a couple weeks back, I think we put together the list of why this is important, and this was jim's follow up action for taking a look at the template and seeing if there's things that that might be at it.

214
00:36:16.500 --> 00:36:21.540
Tracy Kuhrt: I think at that point we were talking about how we might automate some of this stuff and.

215
00:36:22.500 --> 00:36:29.760
Tracy Kuhrt: I did reach out specifically to the insights team about whether or not an API might be available for us to utilize to.

216
00:36:30.180 --> 00:36:38.070
Tracy Kuhrt: bring in some of the insights specifically into our project report, they do not currently have an API, although it is on the roadmap.

217
00:36:38.820 --> 00:36:49.440
Tracy Kuhrt: So maybe you know, as we have this conversation we can talk about the sorts of things that might be useful in an API as well as the things that people tend to look at to see.

218
00:36:50.040 --> 00:37:13.140
Tracy Kuhrt: If they can understand the help of projects, Jim has provided in he actually updated the the last firefly quarterly report and he added three links at the top focus on these three dimensions around project health specifically for commit activity PR activity and contributor strength.

219
00:37:15.270 --> 00:37:23.730
Tracy Kuhrt: And I guess the question to the tasc is, do we think these are the right dimensions and then.

220
00:37:24.750 --> 00:37:29.370
Tracy Kuhrt: I would just kind of point out that, in general, these links.

221
00:37:30.960 --> 00:37:43.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Are generic links are not related to this specific time frame, so that could also be something that we look at as we go through, and try and figure out what is the.

222
00:37:44.880 --> 00:37:54.960
Tracy Kuhrt: information that we want to see, and how do we automate these links, so that people don't have to type them in every time we'll figure out how to put the right data in so.

223
00:37:56.550 --> 00:37:56.820
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

224
00:37:58.200 --> 00:38:06.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Are these dimensions things that people look at when they review the the insights that are linked in the project reports are there other sorts of dimensions that people.

225
00:38:08.340 --> 00:38:11.820
Tracy Kuhrt: That people think, are more interesting or useful to have a look at.

226
00:38:20.520 --> 00:38:22.920
Dave Enyeart: Could somebody so far as what contributor strength is.

227
00:38:22.950 --> 00:38:23.340
Sorry.

228
00:38:26.640 --> 00:38:28.110
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

229
00:38:30.300 --> 00:38:30.630
Tracy Kuhrt: I.

230
00:38:31.650 --> 00:38:44.880
Tracy Kuhrt: If we look here at what they have it's basically says it's the growth in the aggregate account of unique contributors during that select the time period, so in this case the last three months.

231
00:38:46.500 --> 00:39:04.680
Tracy Kuhrt: So anybody who's added any sort of code activity or help them resolving bugs so looks like for firefly I think this is fireflies trend for the last three months they've had 53 as far as contributors go.

232
00:39:06.630 --> 00:39:07.650
Tracy Kuhrt: unique contributors.

233
00:39:09.180 --> 00:39:09.540
Tracy Kuhrt: Peter.

234
00:39:12.570 --> 00:39:18.990
Peter Somogyvari: there's two your metrics that I like person that are interesting to me, usually one of them as.

235
00:39:20.820 --> 00:39:32.100
Peter Somogyvari: Are the number of open issues have changed, how many got closed and how many opened and what is the total as of right now that that always throws an interesting.

236
00:39:33.570 --> 00:39:41.040
Peter Somogyvari: trend on whether it's trending up or down in total, but also our work is being done, roughly.

237
00:39:42.870 --> 00:39:56.130
Peter Somogyvari: And then the other one is about timings related to pull requests so it's not it's a set of metrics that single metric that I saw on the effects.

238
00:39:57.510 --> 00:40:11.820
Peter Somogyvari: In the set of metrics contain how much time does it take to review pull requests, how much time does it take to merge them after they've been reviewed, how much time did they spend.

239
00:40:13.620 --> 00:40:17.880
Peter Somogyvari: In non reviewed state versus how many back and forth or.

240
00:40:18.900 --> 00:40:26.190
Peter Somogyvari: During the reviews I think i've ever seen these kind of metrics i'm not sure if i'm calling them exactly right but.

241
00:40:27.240 --> 00:40:46.200
Peter Somogyvari: You know i'm giving you the pros for us it's basically about PR timings which means how active to maintain your communities in making sure that someone comes into the contribution they get the attention they need to actually get that for you over the finish line.

242
00:40:50.010 --> 00:40:50.220
yeah.

243
00:40:51.330 --> 00:40:52.110
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Peter.

244
00:40:53.370 --> 00:41:10.530
Hart Montgomery: yeah so I was gonna say Peter that's exactly I agree with you and it's in the technical metrics so if you're on the trends page, which I rise like moving towards some of the specific technical metrics on the screen but yeah you can see sort of all of these things like.

245
00:41:12.390 --> 00:41:29.340
Hart Montgomery: You know who's committing and what org are they from who's making PRS what order they from you can sort you know you can see, like are some boards responding to a PRS and things faster than others, all of this stuff and I think it's just really good.

246
00:41:30.810 --> 00:41:40.200
Hart Montgomery: I love these tools i've used them to go to Fujitsu management many times and I think like this sort of.

247
00:41:41.460 --> 00:41:45.000
Hart Montgomery: The technical metrics page of the.

248
00:41:47.430 --> 00:42:04.050
Hart Montgomery: Of the Halifax insights is is basically you know a lot of what you want to know for a quarterly report and as Peter you're pointing out, you know from this page, we can essentially you know it's very easy to see whether a project is healthy or not just from looking at this page.

249
00:42:14.490 --> 00:42:14.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

250
00:42:16.290 --> 00:42:24.810
Tracy Kuhrt: So he trends PR timing heart, you mentioned organizations in the technical metrics as well.

251
00:42:26.190 --> 00:42:33.960
Tracy Kuhrt: I think that lends itself to the diversity question that we have within our current project reports.

252
00:42:35.700 --> 00:42:42.390
Tracy Kuhrt: other sorts of things that people tend to look at when they click on that insight link to see how the projects doing.

253
00:42:51.210 --> 00:42:51.540
Tracy Kuhrt: That.

254
00:42:52.110 --> 00:42:57.840
Ry Jones: If anyone else wants to drive I can stop sharing you know, instead of my trying to do an interpretive.

255
00:42:59.250 --> 00:43:03.180
Ry Jones: thing if someone else wants to share and show i'll stop sharing.

256
00:43:10.890 --> 00:43:14.790
Artem Barger: So I should I wanted to propose that you know.

257
00:43:15.930 --> 00:43:26.580
Artem Barger: i'll send you that I can I can share some Open Source tool that the actually also capable of analyzing the activity of the repositories in the project and actually.

258
00:43:27.150 --> 00:43:38.640
Artem Barger: It can also provide a really, really insightful information with respect to the health status of the of the of the project, so if you don't point the can share the screen just to show an example because i'm you know.

259
00:43:39.300 --> 00:43:47.100
Artem Barger: recently discovered and was looking on on on the fabric project, but basically he can provide a lot of information, with respect, though, and.

260
00:43:47.640 --> 00:44:05.400
Artem Barger: You know backgrounds, so in connectivity us today, it also can can can I think if i'd be curious have a very intensive contribution and the light viewers of the project, there were very few good company has been done so, if you don't mind I can show it.

261
00:44:06.300 --> 00:44:13.800
Artem Barger: And it is it's worth kind of exploring to see whenever we would like to to to use it, because again.

262
00:44:14.520 --> 00:44:18.960
Artem Barger: there's there's an open source and you know, anyone can do it and.

263
00:44:19.890 --> 00:44:32.070
Artem Barger: So I just typed it to my to my github account, but you know so here here or here, I took if you will visit or a sale for for public because you know that's those are probably the key project that i'm working with.

264
00:44:32.730 --> 00:44:41.760
Artem Barger: So it has a inaugural overview of activity with respect to I think it's pretty pretty similar to what we have seen your analytics insight.

265
00:44:42.150 --> 00:44:51.780
Artem Barger: about what it also does, we can we can have an overview on actual activity with respect to the K, to the commits and open issues over the period of time.

266
00:44:52.350 --> 00:45:01.830
Artem Barger: and have a double down, for example on the commits so we can we can see amount of income isn't a here we actually have with very nice diagram.

267
00:45:02.730 --> 00:45:14.220
Artem Barger: To see them, you know what are the most the most active hours in a day within the project with respect in terms of contribution, also an analysis.

268
00:45:14.790 --> 00:45:31.500
Artem Barger: Of diagram with you know commits by hours of the day economies by recals a the activity across different repositories and also it has like you know we can we can take a look into the issues and see how how how.

269
00:45:32.640 --> 00:45:38.460
Artem Barger: What is the period of time it takes for for can contribute or something of the response of the issues.

270
00:45:39.270 --> 00:45:59.400
Artem Barger: Again, we have here a open heat maps for open issue for the cost issues and the distribution of that across different repositories, and now it can also analyze the reviews that giving you how how quickly, it has been done and.

271
00:46:00.930 --> 00:46:09.120
Artem Barger: And I believe that most importantly, we can we can see here also analysis of activity with respect to the to the communities.

272
00:46:09.810 --> 00:46:19.380
Artem Barger: Like you know, whenever we have a healthy growing community in a really active contributors going on analysis of the of the performance like.

273
00:46:19.800 --> 00:46:23.610
Artem Barger: A dead, I think, Peter will raise this question is like time to.

274
00:46:24.510 --> 00:46:35.730
Artem Barger: taste the to close in on average, the issue that was created, how they how they still to cause the issue that they use and cetera so we can see medians in a region, and so on.

275
00:46:36.060 --> 00:46:42.270
Artem Barger: But also, it can provide more more details because basically the index information into the elastic search.

276
00:46:42.600 --> 00:46:52.830
Artem Barger: And we can hear me see here a more utilize and we can actually customize anything that people would like, so we can also hear the people they will do some.

277
00:46:53.340 --> 00:47:03.660
Artem Barger: With respect of a you know Montana sales and the people who is actually a keep keep keep maintaining the project a contributors, that is basically we the.

278
00:47:04.080 --> 00:47:18.600
Artem Barger: People who is submitting some some minor changes users observers and so on a diversity of the Community, we can also see here, and you know in other things, I believe that might be really useful to help this reports and.

279
00:47:19.950 --> 00:47:23.220
Artem Barger: Also, to include it as a part of the of the health status of the project.

280
00:47:29.700 --> 00:47:34.530
Artem Barger: And again that's that's an open source than anyone can can just use it.

281
00:47:34.950 --> 00:47:37.230
Artem Barger: If we can also think whenever I would like to.

282
00:47:39.210 --> 00:47:48.540
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I appreciate you sharing this I haven't seen this tool before and I have seen a lot of different sorts of tools that try to capture information.

283
00:47:49.950 --> 00:47:52.260
Tracy Kuhrt: I, it seems to me like.

284
00:47:53.760 --> 00:48:02.040
Tracy Kuhrt: There are some certain things that people are interested in looking at with regards to project help.

285
00:48:03.390 --> 00:48:17.430
Tracy Kuhrt: I think that you know, one of the things that might be useful is if we had a list of all of the sorts of things that we think would be useful that we could generate a report from either insights you know have some sort of.

286
00:48:18.540 --> 00:48:26.460
Tracy Kuhrt: Maybe we work with the team to to you know generate that particular port that we would be interested in looking at to judge the health.

287
00:48:27.510 --> 00:48:28.260
Tracy Kuhrt: or.

288
00:48:29.760 --> 00:48:32.670
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, however, that might look and then.

289
00:48:34.680 --> 00:48:37.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Again, I still think in our project reports it's useful to.

290
00:48:37.230 --> 00:48:41.040
Tracy Kuhrt: Have the words from the actual people instead of just metrics.

291
00:48:41.460 --> 00:48:50.550
Tracy Kuhrt: And metrics can sometimes not show us a full picture, but I think they do give us trends which are important to see if you know the.

292
00:48:51.750 --> 00:49:01.290
Tracy Kuhrt: Number of commits is trending towards zero that's probably a bad thing for us right for a project, and so I think there's some some sorts of things that we could look at there.

293
00:49:02.310 --> 00:49:07.440
Tracy Kuhrt: I guess you know, maybe, maybe it would be worthwhile to.

294
00:49:09.270 --> 00:49:22.110
Tracy Kuhrt: See if we are interested in kicking off a task force related to this, to come back with the specifics around the sorts of metrics that we would be interested in taking a look at or if.

295
00:49:24.090 --> 00:49:32.130
Tracy Kuhrt: You know there's an interest in this, which there seems to be I think a lot of people are interested in looking at these metrics to try and figure out what's happening.

296
00:49:33.540 --> 00:49:37.200
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, to me it seems like maybe the best ways to get kicked off with as force.

297
00:49:38.280 --> 00:49:38.880
Tracy Kuhrt: thoughts.

298
00:49:52.170 --> 00:50:03.690
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So a couple of things, I wanted to they first I mean, I think we could take another look at the report template and maybe simplify it a little bit anyway, I mean.

299
00:50:04.530 --> 00:50:15.000
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I you know just to try to reduce the amount of work people feel they have to do to fill out those reports The other thing I wanted to talk about is is this.

300
00:50:15.450 --> 00:50:29.430
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know you did touch on this earlier is the links that are provided in the report, of course, the easy ways to do what Jim did Davis, you know you get those and they did links right.

301
00:50:29.790 --> 00:50:31.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And what you're going to.

302
00:50:31.470 --> 00:50:48.060
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): get when you click, that is, the you know the the status and the moment you click which you know a few months later, it does not represent what it was when when you publish the report.

303
00:50:48.810 --> 00:51:00.900
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And I honestly don't know about this, I think it's a bit unfortunate if that were the case, I think there's definitely value in you know, having a link that is specific to the time you make the report.

304
00:51:01.650 --> 00:51:10.200
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I don't know how much trouble, it is for people to change those dates when they go from one report to the other, you know.

305
00:51:12.210 --> 00:51:19.650
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah no, I agree with you, I think you know, having a snapshot of what it is, at the time that the report was filed.

306
00:51:20.790 --> 00:51:29.430
Tracy Kuhrt: Or if we decide that we have to create some tool that will run these on a frequent basis right putting those into some sort of.

307
00:51:31.200 --> 00:51:38.280
Tracy Kuhrt: History repo whatever you want to call it that would allow us to take a look back at the different reports that were provided.

308
00:51:39.540 --> 00:51:40.740
Tracy Kuhrt: I really think that.

309
00:51:41.280 --> 00:51:45.660
Tracy Kuhrt: The best way for us to do this is to try and figure out some way to automate that process.

310
00:51:45.660 --> 00:51:46.080
Right.

311
00:51:47.430 --> 00:51:49.410
Tracy Kuhrt: Here generate the links that I need.

312
00:51:50.970 --> 00:51:51.480
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And then.

313
00:51:51.720 --> 00:51:52.530
Tracy Kuhrt: Even if it's just.

314
00:51:53.010 --> 00:51:54.870
Tracy Kuhrt: A stupid web APP that says.

315
00:51:55.140 --> 00:52:08.340
Tracy Kuhrt: generate the Web links for firefly for the last three months from this from the day I clicked on this right and then copy those into the report, which I don't want to do, but you know I just try and make something that is.

316
00:52:09.600 --> 00:52:15.900
Tracy Kuhrt: it's very much like there's a way to look back and see what's happened as the projects move forward.

317
00:52:18.660 --> 00:52:26.610
Hart Montgomery: hey thanks Tracy um yeah I think that this sort of staff shouting is something that.

318
00:52:27.780 --> 00:52:38.760
Hart Montgomery: A lot of people might be interested in, so I think if the if l fx does give us an API or I mean not not just us everyone.

319
00:52:40.830 --> 00:52:52.200
Hart Montgomery: It would make sense if snapshot and we're also included there so maybe we could I don't know who's point person for the fx, and all this stuff.

320
00:52:53.490 --> 00:52:58.020
Hart Montgomery: But perhaps just reaching out and mentioning that this would be really useful.

321
00:52:59.970 --> 00:53:09.240
Hart Montgomery: would be a good thing, because it's pretty you know they have some way of modifying the data internally it's just a matter of them exposing this in an API.

322
00:53:10.890 --> 00:53:19.830
Hart Montgomery: So I think you know, maybe if we reach out when they do provide an API so we can actually do this, that this might just be a totally moot point.

323
00:53:24.330 --> 00:53:31.110
Tracy Kuhrt: Good point part I actually have an email sitting in my inbox that I haven't responded to yet from somebody at.

324
00:53:32.130 --> 00:53:39.360
Tracy Kuhrt: The elephant sites group who would like to get some feedback on my request for an API, so I think, maybe I should set up a call with him.

325
00:53:39.810 --> 00:53:53.070
Tracy Kuhrt: and have that conversation and make these sorts of suggestions, but if there's any other sorts of suggestions that you think I should also include happy to take those as well and provide that in the conversation.

326
00:53:54.810 --> 00:54:05.490
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean just a thought, but I think pretty much I mean this is rest, as far as I can tell, and so, everything is in the URL you could construct the URL.

327
00:54:06.180 --> 00:54:17.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And we could have you know, a script I don't know that you need an API persons what i'm trying to say is maybe documenting the way they build the URL would be good enough.

328
00:54:19.260 --> 00:54:20.700
Ry Jones: I do.

329
00:54:22.320 --> 00:54:23.370
Ry Jones: I just want to.

330
00:54:24.480 --> 00:54:29.730
Ry Jones: Caution you that these URLs are not only perishable and they and history does change.

331
00:54:31.530 --> 00:54:41.580
Ry Jones: But there is a lot of work going on right now to move from what you see right now and insights to the next version of insights.

332
00:54:42.630 --> 00:54:50.820
Ry Jones: So I would counsel you to not spend a bunch of time trying to reverse engineer the URLs to generate the exact reports that you want.

333
00:54:51.690 --> 00:54:53.190
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): All right, good to know thanks.

334
00:54:53.280 --> 00:54:53.790
yeah.

335
00:54:55.080 --> 00:55:00.210
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Are you saying the older links we add already like in all the bass reports are going to get broken.

336
00:55:01.080 --> 00:55:06.660
Ry Jones: I know that that is not what you want to hear her but probably.

337
00:55:08.490 --> 00:55:17.730
Ry Jones: The I don't have the URL off top my head Tracy I think it's Community Dev or Community it affects diversifying if you could.

338
00:55:18.330 --> 00:55:34.290
Ry Jones: post that or i'll look it up after the call and post it for the discourse, I would really like it if everyone on the tasc that has opinions would work directly with the insights development team, and they are paying a lot of attention to that.

339
00:55:35.700 --> 00:55:49.710
Ry Jones: On our all hands call yesterday for lf we were you know told to get the Community involved and send them there so i'll do that i'll give you the URL and get a discourse and let them know what you want.

340
00:55:51.270 --> 00:56:01.950
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah and I, you know I think the other piece of this obviously is right, you had sent that link into the TC mailing list so I have responded with the specific.

341
00:56:03.660 --> 00:56:10.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Item that I had open there you know we can obviously continue the conversation there with the folks at.

342
00:56:11.850 --> 00:56:19.410
Tracy Kuhrt: lf insights so that we capture everything into a single thread about what it is that we're interested interested in it hyper ledger.

343
00:56:20.370 --> 00:56:30.750
Tracy Kuhrt: But yeah I definitely think we should continue to help the elephant sites stepped in to figure out what it is that will be most beneficial for us hyper ledger.

344
00:56:34.650 --> 00:56:35.490
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): can remind them.

345
00:56:35.520 --> 00:56:37.380
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Alright cool URLs don't change.

346
00:56:43.980 --> 00:56:48.570
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, or they should continue to remain somewhat backward compatible right.

347
00:56:49.920 --> 00:56:51.090
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I know it's tough but.

348
00:56:53.490 --> 00:57:04.380
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, I see I see where we got just a minute left I don't want to go long like you did last week, but any any last items anybody would like to bring up before we close the call.

349
00:57:06.510 --> 00:57:15.210
Aruna S M: Yes, I forgot to during the announcement, but it's a reminder for tomorrow's a task force meeting at 8am Pacific.

350
00:57:18.660 --> 00:57:24.540
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so Security Task Forces meeting tomorrow at eight eight What was it 8pm you say.

351
00:57:24.630 --> 00:57:26.580
Aruna S M: 888 am Pacific time.

352
00:57:26.610 --> 00:57:29.010
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm sorry 8am Pacific.

353
00:57:30.120 --> 00:57:30.600
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

354
00:57:31.350 --> 00:57:37.230
Tracy Kuhrt: feel free to join that call the link, you should be able to find in the DC calendar and.

355
00:57:38.370 --> 00:57:43.620
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I think with that I will close the call and let you get on to your next meeting for the day.

356
00:57:45.330 --> 00:57:45.990
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Thank you.

357
00:57:49.110 --> 00:57:49.380
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Thanks for.

