1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Meetings](Meetings_18481222.html)
4. [Aries Working Group](Aries-Working-Group_18481228.html)
5. [2020 Aries Working Group Meetings](2020-Aries-Working-Group-Meetings_18512955.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2020-03-11-B Aries Working Group Call (US afternoon)

Created by Sam Curren, last modified on Mar 17, 2020

## Summary:

- OutOfBand Update
- Signed Attachments
- DID Exchange ACK/Continue

## Note: This call is being recorded.

## Date

04 Mar 2020 (12PM Los Angeles, 3PM New York, Tuesday at 7AM Sydney)

## Remember the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HYP/pages/19595281/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Anti-Trust Policy:

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy) . If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Attendees

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- Sam Curren (Sovrin Foundation) &lt;sam@sovrin.org&gt;
- [George Aristy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:a54e9044-6519-4da3-84ed-b85f302c0029?ref=confluence) (SecureKey) &lt;george.aristy@securekey.com&gt;
- [Daniel Bluhm](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:c322d585-d6d2-4479-a990-b91fac45db1c?ref=confluence) (Sovrin Foundation) &lt;daniel.bluhm@sovrin.org&gt;
- [Ken Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:2cc4df0e-16de-40dc-ba52-09649099759a?ref=confluence) (Sovrin Foundation) &lt;ken@sovrin.org&gt;
- [Echo Harker](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:dac9ec1f-821b-40ae-a68d-9f238d629913?ref=confluence) (Evernym) &lt;echo.harker@evernym.com
- [Stephen Curran](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:d676f135-ecd6-465b-b7eb-f87976bf4569?ref=confluence) (Cloud Compass/BC Gov) &lt;swcurran@cloudcompass.ca&gt;
- [line.kofoed](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:1e0d22d7-60e4-458e-84ec-0942fc295c25?ref=confluence) (bloqzone) &lt;line.kofoed@bloqzone.com&gt;
- Alexander Blom (bloqzone) &lt;alexander.blom@bloqzone.com&gt;
- [Richard Esplin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:8b35bfaa-715c-4137-8dbd-c4fdab87b671?ref=confluence) (Evernym) &lt;richard.esplin@evernym.com&gt;
- [Moushmi Banerjee](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:585709b8-86eb-4af0-8b47-61410d3ec27f?ref=confluence) Moushmi Banerjee &lt;moushmi.banerjee@nutanix.com&gt;

## Welcome / Introductions

## Announcements

- [IIW](https://internetidentityworkshop.com/) April 28-30 Will happen, in one form or another.

## Related Meetings Review

- Ursa - No calls since the last Aries meeting.
- Semantics - yesterday's call (03/03) - [Notes](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1zkXr--0DG7I1k62vaFuotEzIaTIUH0ou)
  
  - (i.) Overview: "Decentralized Data Network for Dummies"
  - (ii.) Formation of The Human Colossus Foundation: First steps and why it was founded
  - (iii.) Use case: Proposal for a Pharma consortium "Data Sharing Hub" with SSI onboarding for all subjects
  - Next meeting: 17/03 (Tuesday)
- [DID UX Call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lv-AMOypXbRuyaCqVt1rRniDleuNqhw4dUTZy9kBkgQ) - Slack/Mailing list - details in the shared document as well minutes and additional information, currently focus on Purpose Based Services
  
  - F2F Meeting meetup
- [SSI in IoT WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ppBM2m7MOm8zSJ3SbooAgnLa7CpvUDXbKRWs0LQ3MBI)
- Indy Contributors - [Richard Esplin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:8b35bfaa-715c-4137-8dbd-c4fdab87b671?ref=confluence) (Mon) - [Notes](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/indy/pages/19464913/Indy+Contributors+Meeting) (plus a [special session on supporting Indy Networks](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/indy/pages/19464360/2020-02-25+Special+Troubleshooting+an+Indy+Network))
- Identity WG / Identity WG Implementer calls (Wed / Thurs)
- DIF DIDComm WG - Monday's at Noon US/Pacific

## Upcoming Releases and Work Updates

- Aries Protocol Test Suite
  
  - Issue, credential, and proof tests are merged.
- Aries Shared:
  
  - indy-vdr (Andrew Whitehead)  [https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-vdr](https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-vdr)
    
    - Remaining work: Design doc, FFI, testing, CI / CD
    - As an Aries interface becomes standardized, will add that API layer
  - indy-credx / aries-credx
    
    - [https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-credx-framework-rs](https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-credx-framework-rs)
    - [https://github.com/andrewwhitehead/indy-credx](https://github.com/andrewwhitehead/indy-credx)
  - Aries-Shared-Util
    
    - Pack / Unpack
    - Not started yet
  - Aries-KMS
    
    - Will support multiple approaches
    - Mike and Cam's aries-core-rs → aries-kms-mayaguez
      
      [https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-kms-rs](https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/aries-kms-rs)
    - aries-kms-taiga: evolution of the Indy wallet crate as a starting point
- Aries-CloudAgent-Python (BC Gov)
  
  - 0.4.5 presentation verification fixes
  - Revocation based on anoncreds 1.0 has been merged into master and will be in the next release.
    
    - Because it uses tails files, use case support will be limited - just where the tails file is very small
    - Currently testing with mobile agents to give feedback on process, tweaking the API to provide controller control over the process.
  - Help wanted issues posted - notably support for protocol minor versions.
- Aries-Framework-Go (Troy) #aries-go
  
  - Released [0.1.2](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-go/releases/tag/v0.1.2)
  - [Weekly planning notes](2020-03-03-Framework-Go-Weekly-Planning_18485440.html).
  - Continue to work on completing JavaScript controller API.
  - Started work on issue credential protocol.
- Aries-SDK-Ruby (Jack)
  
  - Added genesis block parameterization via Rails encrypted creds
- Aries-Framework-DotNet (Tomislav)
- Aries-StaticAgent-Python
- Aries-Toolbox
  
  - Payments admin protocols
    
    - Intended for use with various payment methods
    - Initial support for Sovrin test tokens in ACA-Py Plugin
  - Updates to Connection and Invitation admin protocols coming soon
- Aries-SDK-Java
  
  - Initial PR
- Aries-Framework-JavaScript / Aries-SDK-JavaScript
  
  - Started regular meetings: [Framework JS Meetings](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ARIES/Framework+JS+Meetings)
- Rich Schemas and W3C Verifiable Credentials (Brent &amp; Ken)
- Ursa
  
  - 0.3.1 release in January
  - 0.3.2 released in February, includes key exchange methods (can replace libsodium)

## Agenda

- Welcome / Introduction
- Issue Game: Can we close this? (15 min):
- Hyperledger Global Forum Update (from all who attended)
  
  - Recording playlist: ￼[https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0MZ85B\_96CFY3isYUplorFSenn04WwBt](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0MZ85B_96CFY3isYUplorFSenn04WwBt)
  - Indy/Aries barely mentioned in main stage presentations/keynotes, more than half attended the workshops for indy/aries
    
    - workshops largely lacked overlap
  - Lots of identity sessions 1 or 2 sessions per hour all week.
  - near fire code limits on BCGov Sessions and others.
  - BoF Session - lively discussions.
  - SecureKey sessions - Fabric/Aries code
  - Governance was common topic / ToIP
  - Shared library use and contributions by ABSA
    
  - 8 Mobile agents, becoming aware of more.
    
    - streetcred [https://streetcred.id/](https://streetcred.id/)
      
      Connect.Me [https://connect.me](https://connect.me)
      
      OSMA [https://github.com/mattrglobal/osma](https://github.com/mattrglobal/osma)
      
      ARNIMA [https://github.com/ayanworks/ARNIMA](https://github.com/ayanworks/ARNIMA)
      
      esatus [https://wallet-demo.esatus.com/](https://wallet-demo.esatus.com/)
      
      idramp [https://idramp.com/ledger/](https://idramp.com/ledger/)
      
      dizme [https://infocert.digital/infocert-presents-dizme-the-first-digital-identity-platform-based-on-blockchain-technology-and-eidas-compliant/](https://infocert.digital/infocert-presents-dizme-the-first-digital-identity-platform-based-on-blockchain-technology-and-eidas-compliant/)
      
      Memberpass [www.memberpass.com](http://www.memberpass.com)
  - MIR BFT by IBM - high throughput with large node counts
- Out Of Band Update - Stephen Curran - [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1if7gHcFfugR9p_uZvL2mTATN1Z3rkyROUk7UCla_Z80/edit?usp=sharing) - [PR 434](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/pull/434)
- Signed Attachments- Andrew Whitehead - [Presentation](https://hackmd.io/@andrewwhitehead/B1BXJdHrU?type=slide#/1) - Next steps, update the PR with this information
- DIDExchange Continue/Ack [PR](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/pull/442) - Sam Curren
  
  - Goals: Formal ACK, Connection Reuse.
- Open Discussion / Next Week Topics

## Next Week

## Future Topics

- DIF Interop Project - Project is proceeding, connect the communities at [IIW](https://internetidentityworkshop.com/)
- DKMS status
- Credential Fraud:  Example how in ACA-Py to verify same link secret across multiple credentials in presentation
- Schema interop - how to reused schema across different networks [Robert Mitwicki](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:9176fc40-350e-4342-b616-01da76989d8d?ref=confluence)(RFC in progress)
- Using WebSocket as a way to communicate back to the mobile/desktop wallet (Agent (services or user) as a proxy for communication between service and digital wallet) [Robert Mitwicki](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:9176fc40-350e-4342-b616-01da76989d8d?ref=confluence)
- Formal protocol verification techniques
  
  - [https://github.com/SvenHammann90/SSI/blob/master/RWOT\_9/Topic\_Paper\_RWOT.md](https://github.com/SvenHammann90/SSI/blob/master/RWOT_9/Topic_Paper_RWOT.md) (using [Tamarin](http://tamarin-prover.github.io/))
  - [https://github.com/johncallahan/needham\_shroeder\_spin](https://github.com/johncallahan/needham_shroeder_spin) (non-Aries example using [SPIN/Promela](http://spinroot.com/spin/whatispin.html))
- What's left for DID Exchange protocol?
  
  - Some discussion in: [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/pull/366](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/pull/366)

## Action items

## Call Recording

  File Modified

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18485607/18513391.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18485607/18513392.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:29

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
