1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2022 Bifold Meetings](2022-Bifold-Meetings_18515892.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2022-08-30 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by James Ebert, last modified on Aug 30, 2022

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- Credential Branding &amp; OCA demo
- Revocation Implementation Demo
- Ledger Proxy consent UI discussion
- Action Menu discussion

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Lance Byrd](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6346b13f754fb6b373b9af19?ref=confluence)(RootsID) &lt;lance.byrd@rootsid.com&gt;
- [Philippe Foucault](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/62150c66c345490071971b9f?ref=confluence) (Gouvernement du Québec) &lt;philippe.foucault@[mcn.gouv.qc.ca](http://mcn.gouv.qc.ca/)&gt;

## Announcements

- Bifold main branch updated with AFJ 0.2.0;
- @aries-framework/react-hooks 0.3.0 has just been released with support for AFJ 0.2.0.
  
  - Allow for delete, revocation notice, etc.
- Aries Interopathon - August 31 7:00 am to 11:00 am MDT
  
  - Sign up here: [https://forms.gle/yrhYTocTe6iEXWbw6](https://forms.gle/yrhYTocTe6iEXWbw6)
  - Register for Zoom here: [https://indicio-tech.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZMtde6trzwvE9IptkYg\_rcUsNm6M4b0mtYJ](https://indicio-tech.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZMtde6trzwvE9IptkYg_rcUsNm6M4b0mtYJ)

## Deployments and Work Updates

- Implementing the ability to remove a credential from the wallet;
  
  - Eventually remove a contact
- Biometrics in-progress
  
  - Adding opt-in functionality
- Various styling updates
- BC is looking into a potential small contract to get OCA added.
- Revocation Notification UI implementation - Indicio
- React Native 0.69.5 upgrade - Indicio
  
  - React Hooks PR - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript-ext/pull/151](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript-ext/pull/151)

## Agenda

- Credential Branding &amp; OCA demo - Akiff
- Revocation Implementation Demo - Ryan
- Ledger Proxy consent UI discussion
  
  - Some similarities with mediation
  - Possible to overdue and confuse someone
  - Not a cookie type experience
- Action Menu
- PIN Creation fields auto-focus
  
  - We are auto-focusing the first input field
  - Using a reference
  - Good first issue
- WACI/Presentation Exchange
- GH issues:
  
  - General issues cleanup - [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence)
  - NPM Issues - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/333](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/333)
  - PNGs in Android development - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/373](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/373)
- Q&amp;A w/Maintainers
  
  - Wallet recovery
  - Customization &amp; Patching

## Next Meeting

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation - Mike
- How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?

## Action items

# Recording

  File Modified

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [chat.txt](attachments/18498380/18516686.txt "Download")

Aug 30, 2022 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/18498380/18516686.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18498380/18516687.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18498380/18516685.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
