1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Framework JavaScript](Aries-Framework-JavaScript_18482463.html)
5. [Framework JS Meetings](Framework-JS-Meetings_18482467.html)
6. [2022 AFJ meetings](2022-AFJ-meetings_18515835.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2022-05-12 Aries Framework JS Meeting notes

Created by Timo Glastra, last modified on May 14, 2022

## Remember the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct)

## Anti-Trust Policy:

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Attendees

- [Timo Glastra](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f64a069a1048d0069073500?ref=confluence) (Animo Solutions) &lt;timo@animo.id&gt;
- [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (James Ebert) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Philippe Foucault](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/62150c66c345490071971b9f?ref=confluence) (Gouvernement du Québec) &lt;philippe.foucault@[mcn.gouv.qc.ca](http://mcn.gouv.qc.ca/)&gt;
- [Stéphane Harnois](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/62546dd59e7380006fb21f9b?ref=confluence) (Gouvernement du Québec) &lt;stephane.harnois@[mcn.gouv.qc.ca](http://mcn.gouv.qc.ca/)&gt;
- [Sai Ranjit Tummalapalli](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f620f169109170076f8dc96?ref=confluence)(AyanWorks)&lt;sairanjit.tummalapalli@ayanworks.com&gt;

## Status updates

- Aries Bifold ([Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html))
- Aries Call
- Hyperledger moved to Discord
  
  - Replaces rocket.chat
  - [https://discord.gg/hyperledger](https://discord.gg/hyperledger)

## Agenda

- Record the meeting
- Issue Credential v2 and OOB / DID Exchange merged
  
  - There's a lot of new additions and a big refactor, please open issues you encounter!
- JSON-LD Credential support update
- Releases
  
  - Next release - 0.2.0
    
    - Issue Credential v2 indy
    - Present Proof v2 indy
    - Out of Band / DID Exchange - no public dids yet
    - Pickup v2
    - Holder/Verifier revocation and revocation notification
  - 0.3.0
    
    - Issue Credential v2 JSON-LD
    - Present Proof v2 JSON-LD
    - Shared Components?
- EBSI support for AFJ
  
  - Initial impression: Falls outside of the scope of the project, but see the benefit of easy integration
  - AFJ Extension / Integration of two projects
  - Share the same credentials using DIDComm and OIDC
  - [https://sphereon.com/solution/dif-presentation-exchange-with-siop-v2/](https://sphereon.com/solution/dif-presentation-exchange-with-siop-v2/)
  - BCGov OIDC Provider: [https://github.com/bcgov/vc-authn-oidc](https://github.com/bcgov/vc-authn-oidc)
- Schedule meeting for shared components work
  
  - If you're interested in helping, watch the discord for an update!
- Migrating to qualified dids
  
  - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/issues/735](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/issues/735)
- AMA

## Meeting Notes

## Future topics

- React Native testing
- Support for Deno
- Monorepo dependencies
  
  - TypeScript types

**Meeting recording:**

[afj-wg-call-recording-2022-05-12](#)

  File Modified

No files shared here yet.

Drag and drop to upload or [browse for files]() ![](images/icons/wait.gif)

Upload file

File description
