1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2022 Bifold Meetings](2022-Bifold-Meetings_18515892.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2022-11-08 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified on Nov 08, 2022

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- OCA Work Progress
- Bugs
- State Management

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- Jason Leach (Fullboar Creative / BC Government) &lt;jason.leach@fullboar.ca&gt;

## Announcements

- TBD

## Deployments and Work Updates

- OCA Work Progress
- High-priority bugs
  
  - Report on mediator connection bug
- State management
- RN 0.70.0 Update from Indecio

## Agenda

- Using Android API 31 as base (upgraded from API 30);
- Jason to do a demo on how to customize Bifold (override screens);
- Update on AFJ 0.3.0
- Status of OOB and support for it
- Other ways to get credentials
  
  - NFC or BT Integration
  - Deep linking
- How to move from v1 to v2 for present proof and issue credential. Will we need to deal with two different screens as both v1 and v2 are supported.
- Time Permitting
  
  - Review relevant open PRs

## Next Meeting

- Akiff to look into V1 vs V2 changes (present proof and issue credential) to Bifold and give an update.

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation - Mike
- How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?

## Action items

# Recording

- TBD

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
