1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2023 Bifold Meetings](2023-Bifold-Meetings_18517232.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-10-24 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified on Oct 24, 2023

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- Welcome Back
- Bifold Update
- IIW
- Work Update

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence) (Fullboar Creative / Government of BC) &lt;jason.leach@[fullboar.ca](http://fullboar.ca)&gt;
- [Warren Gallagher](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:98b910cc-1131-4987-bc79-b6c4681c64ab?ref=confluence) (AffinitiQuest) &lt;warren@affinitiquest.io&gt;
- [Mostafa Youssef](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c6dd5f88a38a065324b668a?ref=confluence) (Ontario Gov) &lt;mostafa.youssef@ontario.ca&gt;
- [Alexander Shenshin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/63cf3328c565900ff404dda2?ref=confluence) (DSR Corporation) &lt;alexander.shenshin@dsr-corporation.com&gt;

## Announcements

- TBD

## Agenda

- Bifold Updates
  
  - On RN 0.72.x
  - Publishing Bifold as NPM
  - Project organization
  - OID4VC (Draft 8)
    
    - Waiting on AFJ to support Draft 11
    - Some challenges capturing metadata.
    - Investigate if Animo is also working on this for another initiative. Might be in the Animo pub wallet (check GitHub).
  - Work progressing on mediator stress testing (Indecio)
  - Adding W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model Standard (TBD)
    
    - Bidding closed, soon to be awarded and work will start.
  - Performance issue on large ledgers [#1613](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/issues/1613)
  - Kim will present the Bifold style guide
- IIW Fall 2023
  
  - OWF Thoughts
  - Lots of Wallets
  - OIDC4VC
- App Attestation / Integrity update

## Next Meeting

TBD

## Future Topics

## New Action Items

- Update OCA package documentation to discuss usage, card layout (1.0, 1.1), etc.

# Recording / Slides

- [Video](#)
- [Audio](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18508427/18518833.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18508427/18518834.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
