1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries-vcx Rust](Aries-vcx-Rust_18499431.html)
5. [Community calls](Community-calls_18499459.html)
6. [2023 VCX calls](2023-VCX-calls_18517247.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-09-21 Aries-vcx community call

Created by Patrik Stas, last modified on Sep 21, 2023

![](attachments/18507746/18518713.jpg?height=250)

### **Note:**

- If you are planning on attending aries-vcx call, **feel free login to wiki and update the agenda below to include your discussion topic / question**
- Alternatively you can simply join the call and we can discuss your questions and concerns ![(smile)](images/icons/emoticons/smile.png)

### **Agenda:**

- **Start meeting discussion**
  
  - Agenda overview and ad-hoc additions ( you can add your discussion your point )
  - Community updates
    
    - DIF DIDComm Users Group Meets 2,3, and 4th Mondays: [https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/blob/main/schedule.md](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/blob/main/schedule.md)
    - Loosening dependency versions in aries components
      
      - [https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-rs/issues/240](https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-rs/issues/240)
    - did:peer:4 implementation - requested community to wait for our feedback 
      
      - [https://github.com/decentralized-identity/peer-did-method-spec/pull/61#issuecomment-1727910944](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/peer-did-method-spec/pull/61#issuecomment-1727910944)
    - V2 issue-credential protocol discussion  started
      
      - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/issues/796](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/issues/796)
  - Mentorship updates
    
    - mediator project project plan [aries-vcx based message mediator](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/INTERN/aries-vcx+based+message+mediator) 
      
      - [https://github.com/nain-F49FF806/axum-test-server](https://github.com/nain-F49FF806/axum-test-server/pull/16)
      - deploying mediator on public domain
    - uniffi aries-vcx wrapper project [Project Plan - Aries VCX Next-gen Mobile Wrapper (UniFFI)](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=21960060)
      
      - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/tree/main/uniffi\_aries\_vcx](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/tree/main/uniffi_aries_vcx)
      - deploying simple-message-relay on public domain for simpler mobile wrapper testing
      - planning demo for aries-wg call?
- **Overview of recent work done**
  
  - Lint fixes
    
    - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/986](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/986)
  - Integration test refactoring
  - Dependency cleanups
- **Parked**
  
  - Demo aries-vcx [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/952](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/952)
  - did exchange [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/928](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/pull/928)
    
    - AATH PR!! [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-agent-test-harness/pull/723/files](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-agent-test-harness/pull/723/files)
    - aath: did-exchange for acapy in progress
    - aath: did-exchange for AFJ blocked
      
      - afj: works with qualified identifiers
      - aath: works with unqualified identifiers
    - aath: moving to qualified identifiers, qualified DIDs
- **In progress**
  
  - Preparing for vdr-tools anoncreds removal
  - V2 for issuance/presentation protocols
- **Planned**

<!--THE END-->

- **End meeting discussion**
  
  - George: issuance/presentation v2 protocols messages
  - Naian: wallet api
    
    - unpack API return Vector&lt;u8&gt; - hard to understand for a newcomer to find out what the underlying data looks like
- **Todos:**
  
  - Reject invites with invalid DIDs [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/issues/963](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-vcx/issues/963)
  - Repo org - we have a lot of directories now ![(smile)](images/icons/emoticons/smile.png) Can look a overwhelming for newcomers
  - Lint fix needed too!

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [hyperledger\_antitrust\_policy.jpg](attachments/18507746/18518713.jpg) (image/jpeg)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:28

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
