1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2023 Bifold Meetings](2023-Bifold-Meetings_18517232.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-01-31 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified by James Ebert on Jan 31, 2023

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- OCA Demo &amp; Discussion
- Becoming a Maintainer Discussion

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- - Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
  - [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
  - [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence) (Fullboar / BC Gov) &lt;jason.leach@fullboar.ca&gt;
  - [Clecio Varjao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f9e1bfa2-a82c-4b68-85ee-627507d593d9?ref=confluence) (BC Gov) &lt;clecio.varjao@gov.bc.ca&gt;
  - [Sam Curren](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1ed5fd92-7e42-4cab-87b1-688e48bc02c2?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;sam@indicio.tech&gt;
  - [Alberto Antonio Leon](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6308ef06f63ba4d04a134cf5?ref=confluence) (Instnt, Inc.) &lt;alberto@instnt.org&gt;
  - [Mostafa Youssef](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c6dd5f88a38a065324b668a?ref=confluence) Ontario &lt;mostafa.youssef@ontario.ca&gt;
  - [Ryan Koch](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/61032b0ce6e6f80071bb0d28?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;ryan@indicio.tech&gt;
  - [Warren Gallagher](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:98b910cc-1131-4987-bc79-b6c4681c64ab?ref=confluence) (AffinitiQuest) &lt;warren@[affinitiquest.io](http://affinitiquest.io)&gt;
  - [Akiff Manji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:493444f6-a19a-4aa4-a9ca-24d3397297bf?ref=confluence) (Petri Dish Development) &lt;amanji@petridish.dev&gt;

## Announcements

- Aries Framework Javascript 0.3.3 released
  
  - Bifold PR Update – 0.3.3

## Agenda

- Becoming a Maintainer;
- Add bots to the repo for code quality;
- OCA Demo &amp; Discussion
  
  - Contributing to OCA from Ontario
  - How can this become a NPM package

## Next Meeting

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation - Mike
- How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?
- Bifold architecture - what's next?

## Action items

- Jason to create a draft maintainers file as PR for community review.
  
  - Ref. [https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-spec/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md](https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-spec/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md)
- Jason to add Codecov report / bot to repo as a PR check.
  
  - Consider adding CodeQL from Github to find issues (security or otherwise)

**Last Meeting**

- Need to update Sovrin genesis file and check network availability.
- Fetch genesis transaction as part of a build step.
- Understand if the wallet can update the genesis transaction in the field (post build).
- Problem with pick-up plugin (pickup v2) with mediators. The first message is dropped.
- Clecio will help update ZMQ in indy and give a new build to James.
- James to present some architecture ideas at the next Bifold meeting.

# Recording

  File Modified

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

File [audio1071418236.m4a](attachments/18501654/18517472.m4a "Download")

Jan 31, 2023 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [chat.txt](attachments/18501654/18517473.txt "Download")

Jan 31, 2023 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

[Download All](/wiki/download/all_attachments?pageId=18501654 "Download all the latest versions of attachments on this page as single zip file.")

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [audio1071418236.m4a](attachments/18501654/18517472.m4a) (audio/x-m4a)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/18501654/18517473.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18501654/18517474.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:26

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
