1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2023 Bifold Meetings](2023-Bifold-Meetings_18517232.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-01-03 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by James Ebert, last modified on Jan 10, 2023

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- Holiday Updates
- Bifold Summit Planning

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Warren Gallagher](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:98b910cc-1131-4987-bc79-b6c4681c64ab?ref=confluence) (AffinitiQuest) &lt;warren@affinitiquest.io&gt;
- [Alberto Antonio Leon](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6308ef06f63ba4d04a134cf5?ref=confluence) (Instnt) &lt;alberto@instnt.org&gt;
- [Kyle Robinson](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60e73ed74134aa0069502ec1?ref=confluence)  (Briartech/BC Gov) &lt;kyle.robinson@briartech.ca&gt;
- [Sam Curren](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1ed5fd92-7e42-4cab-87b1-688e48bc02c2?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;sam@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Bruno Hivert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:0ef3e380-8e1e-45be-82e1-708b65f236da?ref=confluence) (IDLab) &lt;bruno.hivert@idlab.org&gt;
- [Akiff Manji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:493444f6-a19a-4aa4-a9ca-24d3397297bf?ref=confluence) (Petri Dish Development) &lt;amanji@petridish.dev&gt;

## Announcements

- Aries Framework Javascript 0.3.0 &amp; 0.3.1 released

## Agenda

- Holiday Updates
  
  - Looking to update the Bifold wallet to AFJ 0.3.1
  - AFJ Connections Record Changes
    
    - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript-ext/pull/173](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript-ext/pull/173)
- Bifold Summit Planning 
  
  - Timing?
    
    - 1-10 10:00 AM MT - 12:00 MT
      
      - Get a list ahead of time - [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence)
      - New Architecture
    - 1-11 9:00 AM MT - 11:00 MT
      
      - Bifold Community wants out of the next AIP profile
      - NPM → yarn
      - Choice of language discussion, wrappers
  - Topics?
    
    - New Bifold Architecture
      
      - Visual component separation?
      - Better app modularity
    - Bifold Community wants out of the next AIP profile
    - NPM → yarn
    - Choice of language discussion, wrappers
- Newer Features
  
  - Credential branding might change
    
    - OCA demo next Bifold Call (1-17)?

## Next Meeting

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation - Mike
- How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?
- Bifold architecture - what's next?

## Action items

- Need to update Sovrin genesis file and check network availability.
- Fetch genesis transaction as part of a build step.
- Understand if the wallet can update the genesis transaction in the field (post build).
- Problem with pick-up plugin (pickup v2) with mediators. The first message is dropped.
- Clecio will help update ZMQ in indy and give a new build to James.
- James to present some architecture ideas at the next Bifold meeting.

# Recording

  File Modified

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [chat.txt](attachments/18500800/18517245.txt "Download")

Jan 03, 2023 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/18500800/18517245.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500800/18517246.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500800/18517244.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:26

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
