1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2023 Bifold Meetings](2023-Bifold-Meetings_18517232.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-02-28 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified by Artem Ivanov on Mar 28, 2023

## Summary

Planned Topics:

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- - Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
  - [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence)  &lt;Fullboar Creative &amp; Government of British Columbia) &lt;jason.leach@[fullboar.ca](http://fullboar.ca)&gt;
  - [Akiff Manji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:493444f6-a19a-4aa4-a9ca-24d3397297bf?ref=confluence) (Petri Dish Development) &lt;amanji@petridish.dev&gt;
  - [Mostafa Youssef](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c6dd5f88a38a065324b668a?ref=confluence) &lt;Ontario&gt; &lt;mostafa.youssef@ontario.ca&gt;
  - [Clecio Varjao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f9e1bfa2-a82c-4b68-85ee-627507d593d9?ref=confluence)
  - [Artem Ivanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:490facf1-26c6-4490-955a-53ac8ac201a5?ref=confluence) (DSR) &lt;artem.ivanov@[dsr-corporation.com](http://dsr-corporation.com)&gt;

## Announcements

## Agenda

- Review [**PR 635**](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/pull/635) to update maintainers;
- Review [**PR 641**](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/pull/641) to restructure repo;
- Open Wallet Foundation kick off presentation;
  
- Bifold in the real world Re: BC Wallet 1.0.7 release with AFJ 0.3.x;
- Update on Issue [**614**](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/614), [**615**](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/615) and [**616**](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/issues/616) Re: AFJ 0.4.x;
- How to update to React Native 0.7x.y

## Next Meeting

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation - Mike
- How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?
- Bifold architecture - what's next?

## New Action Items

- Jason to come up with a road map for upgrading to RN 0.7x.y for next meeting.
- Jason to create or move Issue for verifier developer feature in Bifold.
- Jason to add Codecov report / bot to repo as a PR check.
  
  - Consider adding CodeQL from Github to find issues (security or otherwise)

<!--THE END-->

- Jason to create a draft maintainers file as PR for community review.
  
  - Ref. [https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-spec/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md](https://github.com/hyperledger/anoncreds-spec/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md)

<!--THE END-->

- Need to update Sovrin genesis file and check network availability.
- Fetch genesis transaction as part of a build step.
- Understand if the wallet can update the genesis transaction in the field (post build).
- Problem with pick-up plugin (pickup v2) with mediators. The first message is dropped.
- Clecio will help update ZMQ in indy and give a new build to James.
- James to present some architecture ideas at the next Bifold meeting.

# Recording

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:26

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
