1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2023 Bifold Meetings](2023-Bifold-Meetings_18517232.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2023-07-18 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified on Jul 18, 2023

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- Bifold Update;
- Planned Work;
- Discussion of Issues or PRs

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- - Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
  - [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence) (Fullboar Creative / Government of BC) &lt;jason.leach@[fullboar.ca](http://fullboar.ca)&gt;

## Announcements

- TBD

## Agenda

- Bifold update
  
  - Looking to get React Native 0.72.x and we will explore expo modules;
  - iOS Simulator Demo
  - Working on demo for `tsyringe` to show what it might look like as a override pattern.
  - BC working on some designs for what tablet will look like.
- OCA
  
  - We need to deprecate and remove OCA 0.1 (legacy) and start using (aries/branding/1.0) the RFC spec
  - Some light refactoring going to to switch from camel case to snake case as per OCA spec.
  - Jason to enable automatic publishing base on changes to \`packages/oca\`
- iOS Simulator
  
  - Now live and working in Bifold;
  - We will add a feature (developer gated for now) to allow pasting in the URL from a QR code for working;
  - Will consider adding it as a prod feature but we may favour using deep linking for this.

## Next Meeting

- TBD

## Future Topics

- Machine Readable Governance Presentation (a.k.a Credential Trust Establishment)- Sam
  
  - How should we implement Machine Readable Governance?
- Application Attestation (Binding to a Application vs Binding to hardware)

## New Action Items

- Alberto will take a look at the RN update in the future (waiting for AFJ 0.4.0) - hold
- Update OCA package documentation to discuss usage, card layout (1.0, 1.1), etc.
- Sam C. to add Hyperledger accounts (hyperledger-ci and hyperledger-lf as **owners**) to NPM packages (@aries-bifold and @aries-oca)
- Makrand will take a look at improving the typing (eliminate the use of `any)`

# Recording / Slides

- [Audio](#)
- [Video](#)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [Simulator Screenshot - iPad mini (6th generation) - 2023-07-18 at 08.17.00.png](attachments/18506264/18518441.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18506264/18518444.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18506264/18518443.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
