1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)
5. [Aries Bifold User Group Meetings](Aries-Bifold-User-Group-Meetings_18490725.html)
6. [2024 Bifold Meetings](2024-Bifold-Meetings_18519043.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : 2024-01-16 Aries Bifold Users Group Community Meeting

Created by Jason Leach, last modified on Jan 22, 2024

## Summary

Planned Topics:

- Bifold to OWF

## Community Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Welcome and Introductions

Take the opportunity to introduce yourself or organization. Let the community know what interest you have in the Bifold effort.

## Attendees

Record your attendance for posterity, and allow others may contact you if needed.

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence) (Fullboar Creative / Government of BC) &lt;jason.leach@[fullboar.ca](http://fullboar.ca)&gt;

Confluence was not working at the time of the meeting so Attendees were not able to register themselves.

## Announcements

- TBD

## Agenda

**Bifold Updates**

- Existing camera library is deprecated and archived on GitHub; we have a new one but it requires API 30.
- Rename "App" to "src" shortly. This is still a thing. Will wait for some existing PRs to clear out.
- Dependency Injection for Customization WIP. Primary tool will match AFJ: [https://www.npmjs.com/package/tsyringe](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tsyringe)
- PoC from Clecio [https://github.com/cvarjao/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/tree/ioc](https://github.com/cvarjao/aries-mobile-agent-react-native/tree/ioc)
- Remote logging package
  

**Move from Hyperledger to OpenWallet Foundation**

Summary of why Aries Bifold might consider moving from the Hyperledger Foundation to the OpenWallet Foundation (OWF):

1. Simplifying Project Name: Opportunity to change to a simpler, more straightforward name to enhance clarity and appeal.
2. Alignment with Aries Framework for Java (AFJ): Ensuring compatibility or alignment with AFJ standards and practices.
3. Enhancing Project Value: The addition of a production-ready wallet to OWF will enrich its offerings.
4. Expanding Community Engagement:
   
      - Hosting a webinar published by OWF to boost visibility.
   
      - Aiming to attract new members and gather more feedback from the community.

Impacts

1. Impact on Project Infrastructure: Considering how the move will affect mechanical aspects like Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD), NPM packaging, and repository naming.
2. Support from Staff Member Ry: Ry is assisting both OWF and Hyperledger in onboarding projects, facilitating smoother transitions.

Process

1. Community Consultation at Bifold Meeting:
   
   Soliciting community feedback.
   
   Submitting a proposal to OWF's "How to Become a Project" process, aiming for recognition as a growth project.
   
   Possibly presenting to the technical oversight committee, including individuals like Tracy Khurt.
   
   Deciding on a new repository name, with "Bifold" as a suggested option, subject to community input.

Notes

\- Come in as "growth" prject  
\- TAC votes on the proposal.  
\- Bifold's mandate may need to change to be more vocal about being inclusive of other credential formats.  
\- OWF Prject Proposal Process slide deck: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NzDIcN63OURfGenSFMvpaPwveTk2Hpyys7CJIYlxb7A/edit#slide=id.g21f63e63bba\_0\_77](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NzDIcN63OURfGenSFMvpaPwveTk2Hpyys7CJIYlxb7A/edit#slide=id.g21f63e63bba_0_77)  
\- Proposal via GitHub: [https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)  
\- Project lifecycle: [https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/project-lifecycle](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/project-lifecycle)  
\- Bifold would be a good referenec implementation of how to stich together many OSS projects into an actual usable product.   
\- Would we need to support move VDRs as part of the OWF.  
\- Jason to check on GitHub org parity.  
    - [https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/paid-tooling-policy/](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/paid-tooling-policy/)  
    - [https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/project-and-lab-services/](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/project-and-lab-services/)

## Next Meeting

- Maintainers can vote on moving the project to the OpenWallet Foundation.

## Future Topics

## New Action Items

- Update OCA package documentation to discuss usage, card layout (1.0, 1.1), etc.

# Recording / Slides

- [Audio](#)
- [Video](#)
- [chat.txt](attachments/18509716/18519053.txt)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [chat.txt](attachments/18509716/18519053.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18509716/18519051.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18509716/18519052.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
