1. [Hyperledger Aries](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Aries](Hyperledger-Aries_18481154.html)
3. [Aries Frameworks and User Groups](Aries-Frameworks-and-User-Groups_18481290.html)
4. [Aries Bifold User Group](Aries-Bifold-User-Group_18490719.html)

# Hyperledger Aries : Bifold Summit 2023

Created by James Ebert, last modified on Jan 11, 2023

## Summary

- The Bifold Summit is a focused effort to provide time for the community to discuss issues and the future of the project. There are currently scheduled two sessions:
  
  - Session #1 - 1/10 10:00 AM MT - 12:00 PM MT (12:00 PM ET - 2:00 PM ET)
    
    - New Bifold Architecture
  - Session #2 - 1/11 9:00 AM MT - 11:00 AM MT (11:00 AM ET - 1:00 PM ET)
    
    - Bifold AIPv3 wants/needs discussion
    - Lanugage Discussions, Indy wrappers, Shared Libraries
    - Updating Bifold to AFJ 0.3.2
    - Ad Hoc topics
- Zoom Link (the same used for the bi-weekly calls): [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09)

## Meeting Policies

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/29034696/Antitrustnotice.png?version=1&modificationDate=1581695654000&api=v2)

![](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/download/attachments/2392771/welcome.png?version=2&modificationDate=1572450107000&api=v2)

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming

community for all. For more information

please visit the [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Hyperledger+Code+of+Conduct).

## Session #1

Attendees:

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Akiff Manji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:493444f6-a19a-4aa4-a9ca-24d3397297bf?ref=confluence) (Petri Dish Development) &lt;amanji@petridish.dev&gt;
- [Ryan Koch](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/61032b0ce6e6f80071bb0d28?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;ryan@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Jason Leach](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:f6688130-fee2-4c0a-a611-b8623f0d7f57?ref=confluence) (Fullboar Creative / Government of British Columbia) &lt;jason.leach@fullboar.ca&gt;
- [Emiliano Suñé](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60f1a8944257a90070da4a78?ref=confluence)  (Quartech / Government of British Columbia) &lt;emiliano.sune@quartech.com)
- [Simon Henriksen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:23306fb2-e990-49b4-b9c6-9ef1a17f038b?ref=confluence) (Hyphen) &lt;simon@hyphenapp.xyz&gt;
- [Philip Essy-Ehsing](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:493a701d-81ff-40c3-9ecd-d35e2f937163?ref=confluence) (Hyphen) &lt;philip@hyphenapp.xyz&gt;

Agenda:

- New Bifold Architecture
  
  - Presentation - James Ebert
  - Open Discussion
- Internationalization
  
  - Tablet Support?
- Dark Theme vs Light Theme
  
  - With the ability to decide
- Application Storage / Settings
  
  - Can be very opinionated vs providing defaults
  - Some kind of interface for user settings
  - Need a good way to group settings into category
  - Tiered components
    
    - Settings List &gt; Category Component &gt; Individual Setting Component
- Process for becoming a committer
  
  - Outlining the process for the PR reviewing
    
    - Checkboxes should be paid attention to
- NPM release strategy
  
  - Create a Bifold namespace
    
    - Start with a core package
    - @aries-bifold/core
  - Gradual transformation
- Support for .svg's &amp; .png's
  
  - We do currently support
  - This needs to be a development task to document/address
- Boilerplate / script
  
  - React Native Template
  - Binaries
    
    - Shared components
      
      - Using auto-linking
  - Metro bundler configs
- Expo – not opposed, but caution is beneficial
  
  - Prebuild command
  - Animo has done indy building
  - Native code – possibility?
  - Should be investigated/discussed
- Testability
  
  - How do we represent all the different states of a component?
  - Storybook? - should have some discussion
    
    - Can be a standalone
    - Environment variable
  - Mocking helps define the externalizations
  - Keep the barrier to entry low
  - Need to be testing the visual look of the component
  - Makes sense for complex components
- UI/UX Direction
  
  - Need multiple ways to do a wallet – such as credential focused vs chat-based
- Need to start
  
  - New repo needed - aries-bifold or aries-bifold-framework, aries-bifold-native-libs, aries-bifold-core
    
    - James to talk to Sam about attribution recommendation
  - React Native Bob – can we symlink a submodule? Meaning we have the existing repo aries-mobile-agent-react-native have a aries-bifold submodule
  - What does testing setup look like?
  - Roadmap
  - Storybook demo

<!--THE END-->

- Future questions/discussion:
  
  - How do you customize a component
  - Do we want to utilize context providers?
  - I'm trying to create a wallet from Bifold components, what does that look like?

Notes:

## Session #2

Attendees:

- Name (Organization) &lt;email&gt;
- [James Ebert](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97?ref=confluence) (Indicio) &lt;james.ebert@indicio.tech&gt;
- [Mostafa Youssef](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c6dd5f88a38a065324b668a?ref=confluence) (Ontario) &lt;mostafa.youssef@ontario.ca&gt;

Agenda:

- Bifold AIPv3 wants/needs discussion
  
  - [https://hackmd.io/\_Kkl9ClTRBu8W4UmZVGdUQ](https://hackmd.io/_Kkl9ClTRBu8W4UmZVGdUQ)
  - Saturn-V – [https://trustoverip.github.io/TIP0028-saturn-v/test\_plans/](https://trustoverip.github.io/TIP0028-saturn-v/test_plans/)
  - Other credential formats:
    
    - Worth discussion:
      
      - JWP credential subtarget
      - SDWT credential subtarget
        
        - Linkable credential
    - OCA
      
      - sub-target or base AIP?
        
        - Push for in base requirements
  - Revocation notification out of base requirements?
  - Perhaps we create a mobile-specific sub-target
- Deep Linking
  
  - Mattr – Chapi to redirect
  - Work item to experiment / RFC creation
  - We don't want to hardcode / lock to wallets – splintering of wallets
- Lanugage Discussions, Indy wrappers, Shared Libraries
  
  - Using other languages?
  - [https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-swift](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-swift)
  - WASM?
    
    - Can the new shared components work in a browser context?
    - What's the driver?
      
      - Progressive Web App
    - How secure can this be? – HSM access, etc
- Updating Bifold to AFJ 0.3.2
  
  - Almost done - Jason
- Upgrading React Native
  
  - 0.68+
  - ZMQ
    
    - Short-term – Indy-VDR as a Proxy Server
    - Long-term – Talk directly to the nodes over HTTP/HTTPS
  - James to provide a branch to Clecio
- Shared Components / Indy-VDR / Aries-Askar
  
  - Coming quickly – [https://marketplace.digital.gov.bc.ca/opportunities/code-with-us/b454a434-69fd-42fa-a90d-3ce614d5523b](https://marketplace.digital.gov.bc.ca/opportunities/code-with-us/b454a434-69fd-42fa-a90d-3ce614d5523b)
- Followup Architecture Discussion
  
  - Do we want to utilize context providers?
    
    - Proposal – Bifold Context Provider
      
      - Services configured/passed to the context provider
    - State management?
      
      - Event creation – just need a little bit of structure
        
        - Exposed as a service
      - Pluggable State management – not required
        
        - More modular ideally
      - Remove the state management out of Bifold Core
        
        - Reference Implementation needs state management
  - How do you customize a component
    
    - We should crawl &gt; walk &gt; run – start with simpler cases as we learn more and then slowly add more complexity
  - I'm trying to create a wallet from Bifold components, what does that look like?
  - Workflows
    
    - Pull out the workflow/logic to the app logic
  - How do we ensure we maintain/update the reference implementation
    
    - We need to make a commitment to keeping
    - Project/goal statement
  - Navigation stack – Leaving to the end developer
    
    - Could abstract/bundle some navigation stacks, such as the onboarding or pin creation
    - Navigation stacks
      
      - **Opinionated** navigation across multiple components/building blocks
      - Must NOT be required – needs to be not required
    - Action Menu
    - Generally avoid navigation
- Ad Hoc topics

Notes:

# Recordings

  File Modified

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [session-1-chat.txt](attachments/18500878/18517308.txt "Download")

Jan 10, 2023 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

Labels

- [recording](/wiki/label/ARIES/recording)
- [Edit Labels](# "Edit Labels")

[Preview]() [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true) [$itemLabel]($itemRenderedUrl&isFromPageView=true&isFromPageView=true)

Text File [session-2-chat.txt](attachments/18500878/18517324.txt "Download")

Jan 11, 2023 by [James Ebert](/wiki/people/557058:1b65ef69-a9c7-4f13-8ac7-eca3c34f5f97)

[Download All](/wiki/download/all_attachments?pageId=18500878 "Download all the latest versions of attachments on this page as single zip file.")

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [session-1-chat.txt](attachments/18500878/18517308.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [session-2-chat.txt](attachments/18500878/18517324.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500878/18517325.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500878/18517309.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500878/18517323.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/18500878/18517307.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 11:27

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
