1. [Hyperledger Labs](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Labs Home](Hyperledger-Labs-Home_20283400.html)
3. [VS Code Plugin for Chaincode Developers](VS-Code-Plugin-for-Chaincode-Developers_20294626.html)
4. [Mentorship Meetings](Mentorship-Meetings_20294627.html)

# Hyperledger Labs : 03 August 2024

Created by Arun .S.M. on Aug 03, 2024

Work AreaTaskDescriptionWho?CommentsAdminRequest for transfer/creation of a new lab under Hyperledger Labs GitHubRead through the instructions available at [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io) and raise a PR for creating a new project space.Chinmayi D S

Create a new project for VS codeSetup GitHub for CI. The build checks shall be enabled, enable DCO checks, perform the release upon request. Leverage GitHub actions for the CI. Follow the Hyperledger Foundation's recommended approach for GitHub repository setup.Claudia Emmanuel  
Hyperledger Fabric AdminAutomate connection profile generation in the fabric-samplesThe automation is used for development purpose only. The goal is to get the connection profile added to the VS Code plugin during debug phase. Refer to the design.  
fabric-samples generates a connection profile for each peer organization.VS Code PluginCreate a new view for VS codeUse an icon (generate one for Fabric debugger). Upon installing the vsdx file, the view shall appear in the VS code editor.Chinmayi D S

Create an option to import connection profile files

Connection profile files are a standard way to represent the Hyperledger Fabric network (ref: [https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-2.2/developapps/connectionprofile.html#sample](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-2.2/developapps/connectionprofile.html#sample)). Identify each connection profile with a name on the tree view.

- Upon import, store all the connection profile files in workspace directory used by VS code plugin. For every connection profile, make it appear in the tree view.
- There shall be an option to delete an existing imported connection profile.
- There shall be an option to choose an active connection profile.

Claudia Emmanuel

Create an option for wallets for a given network

Provide an option to import the file based wallet into the VS code under a specific network. In later iterations. there may be an option to pull the default wallet using the connection profile.

ResearchDAP, use existing debuggers and add custom commands before the debugging

Demo a working code that leverages DAP.

Varsha Pichandi / Arun S M

# Design Tenets

1. Create a new view for the Fabric chaincode debugger VS code plugin.
   
   1. Tree view shall have an option for connection profiles (labelled Fabric networks).
   2. An option to import the wallet under a given network.
2. It is desired to have a connection profile import. This shall allow the developer to switch between different networks during their development phase.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
