1. [Hyperledger Labs](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Labs Home](Hyperledger-Labs-Home_20283400.html)
3. [Blockchain Explorer](Blockchain-Explorer_20294340.html)
4. [Meetings](Meetings_20290580.html)

# Hyperledger Labs : 2023 - 08 - 09 Meeting Minutes

Created by Ravi singh on Aug 11, 2023

Compiled by [Deepika S R](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:3b344ec7-6a3b-4007-8518-f5013c318a0b?ref=confluence) 

#### **Release of Explorer**

- Arun and Satya discussed the relaunch of the explorer,
- Project release phases:
- - - Labs proposal
    - Release
    - Presentation to TOC
    - Post presentation Ask for a date for voting.
- [Archana Arige](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/602f685c7f77e30068c39bc4?ref=confluence)  discussed the PRs which are currently the bottleneck that we face for release and these PRs need to be tested and then need to be merged.
- Discussed the support release cycle time period.
- [Arun .S.M.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/621a0e5097d313006ba7386a?ref=confluence)  and [Archana Arige](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/602f685c7f77e30068c39bc4?ref=confluence)  took over the testing of PR that needs to be merged. We need to ask Hyperledger that Can we add copyright in our GitHub repo for explorer Varma presented the release PR. The cutoff for the fabric version is 2.0.0 onwards (as they have tested on 2.2,2.3,2.4 and 2.5) Decided to make the previous release notes legacy releases and the upcoming as the Current release.
- Varma and Archana are asked to edit the readme and add the current managers/maintainers in the [mainteters.md](http://mainteters.md)
- Deepika is asked to share errors/deadends if she interferes with any while going through the documentation.
- Varma and Arun decided to have a meeting to resolve the error in the release.sh file which Varma had. With Manoj.
- Manoj has been assigned to resolve the error in the release pr.
- Deepika asked questions to the group regarding the user research for redesigning Explorer.
- Arun summarised the action items at the end.

#### Interaction with Blockchain Explorer community members and feedback gathering

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:07

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
