1. [Hyperledger Labs](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Labs Home](Hyperledger-Labs-Home_20283400.html)
3. [VS Code Plugin for Chaincode Developers](VS-Code-Plugin-for-Chaincode-Developers_20294626.html)
4. [Mentorship Meetings](Mentorship-Meetings_20294627.html)

# Hyperledger Labs : July 14 2024

Created by Arun .S.M. on Jul 14, 2024

Explore VS Code plugin development

TasksExpectationCompile the VS Code plugin, package it

1. Ship the package.
2. Install the package on any other machine.
3. The plugin should be installed and available after restarts.

Create a new `Explorer`  header

1. Create a new header under the explorer section.
2. Add a button to the new header. Print the button name upon click.

Either JavaScript, Java or Go debugger, add actions around it

1. Call some function before the debugger loads.
2. Call some function after the debugger is done and closed.
3. Call some function as part of debugger's button clicks. Note: This is a different ask from the first two.

Explore how to create a new side panel menu

1. An option to choose specific icon.
2. An option to register custom headers under the menu.

Explore the networking

TasksExpectationDocument the limitations for network connectivity, for different cases

Assumption:

1. Chaincode is always run via VS Code.

Cases:

1. Hyperledger Fabric is run locally on native machine.
2. Hyperledger Fabric is run via the CRE (in a container environment).
3. Hyperledger Fabric is run in a Kubernetes environment on local machine.
4. Hyperledger Fabric is run on an external remote machine on the same sub-net.
5. Hyperledger Fabric is run in another sub-net (could be a cloud environment).

Why are these experiments needed?

1. As part of Fabric Chaincode Debugger VS Code plugin, connect to an existing Fabric network or bring up a custom Fabric network for debugging.
2. Chaincode package and install to the Fabric network.
3. Run the commands related to chaincode installation such as install, approve and commit.
4. Decommission the chaincode upon closing the debugger.

## Attendees

Varsha Pichandi

Claudia Emmanuel

Kent Lau

Chinmayi D S

Arun S M

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
