1. [Hyperledger Labs](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Labs Home](Hyperledger-Labs-Home_20283400.html)
3. [VS Code Plugin for Chaincode Developers](VS-Code-Plugin-for-Chaincode-Developers_20294626.html)
4. [Mentorship Meetings](Mentorship-Meetings_20294627.html)

# Hyperledger Labs : July 21 2024

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified on Jul 21, 2024

## Meeting Minutes

- Packaging a VSCode plugin:
  
  - VSCode introduced new parameters in package.json file.
  - Package bundler would reduce the time to compile.
  - `vsce package`  command was used to create the package.
  - vsix (extension) file is the final output.
  - Install from vsix for local installation.
- Adding new buttons to the explorer:
  
  - Create a new views → Explorer → new view with an ID in the package.json.
  - Define the commands and the title (icon).
  - Possible to hide buttons when minimized and not the current view.
  - `activate`  is like an entry point for the extension. UI is controlled by the view in the package.json.
  - Upon trying to create a new package from the code, there is an error because of the default README.md file.
  - Option to overwrite the README.md is introduced in newer vsce.
  - A repository field in package.json and LICENSE is missing – warnings.
- For the debugger:
  
  - Mock debugger in VSCode.
  - Run the debugger and simulate the debugging screen.
  - DAP is a debugger protocol for debugging.
  - DAP protocol has interfaces to implement that we shall run.
  - There are commands, events that we can run.
  - Download the mock debugger extension.
  - tasks.json file.
- Side panel menu:
  
  - view under the activityBar in package.json
  - views and viewContainer.
  - viewContainer has png image of the view.
  - In the code extension.ts, provide the classes.
  - WebviewViewProvider, register to the activate to the vscode.window.
  - resolveWebviewView method for override.

## TODO

- Use Golang debugger DAP/Java debugger DAP.
- Call a method before the go debugging screen loads (or is ready).
  
  - Print "hello".
  - Connect the chaincode to the running Fabric network.
  - If Fabric network is not running, then bring up one using fabric-samples or other means.
  - `Example: ./network.sh up`  before the debugger loads.
- Pass arguments when debug session starts.
  
  - Task: Passing arguments for any arbitrary code.
  - Example: Chaincode invoke calls.
  - Understanding how to pass arguments to the chaincode is crucial because chaincode does not run without an argument.

## Attendees

Varsha Pichandi

Claudia Emmanuel

Kent Lau

Chinmayi D S

Arun S M

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
