1. [Hyperledger Labs](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Labs Home](Hyperledger-Labs-Home_20283400.html)
3. [VS Code Plugin for Chaincode Developers](VS-Code-Plugin-for-Chaincode-Developers_20294626.html)

# Hyperledger Labs : Project Plan

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified on Jun 30, 2024

## Project Management

Product: Problem Statement → Problem Description → Impact of the Problem Statement → Current Solutions? → Limitations of Current Solution/s → Propose a new Solution

Solution: Requirements (both Functional and non-Functional) → Functional Architecture → System Architecture → Low Level Designs → Implementation Phase (Estimated Effort for Tasks)

## Project Roadmap

Activity CategoryActivityEffortEstimated TimeLearning ActivitiesTechnologies - Virtualization/Containers1 Week1st week of JuneHyperledger Fabric3 Weeksend of JuneProblem Statement and AnalysisProblem Description2 Weeks2nd week of JulyImpactCurrent Solutions - AnalysisFormulate a ProposalRequirements Gathering and DesignCapture Functional and non-Functional Requirements1 Week3rd week of JulyFunctional ArchitectureSystem ArchitectureLLD1 Weekend of JulyImplementationVS Code Plugin Development - Experiments2 Weeks2nd week of AugustFeature Development8 Weeks2nd Week of OctoberTesting Phase1 Week3rd Week of OctoberQuality and Metrics1 Weekend of OctoberDocumentation and PresentationsUser Documentation1 Week1st week of NovemberPresent the Project - Public Forums1 Week2nd week of November

## Product

Problem Statement

- As a Hyperledger Fabric smart contract (chaincode) developer, there is no option to debug the code during development.
- The mechanism to debug the chaincode often involves adding debug log lines and running the chaincode in a test environment.
- The complexity of running a Hyperledger Fabric environment for testing purpose is complex due to the nature of setting up the network. The developers are expected to learn the deployment and internal operations of the network.
- If the smart contract is running in a production environment, consuming a specific state database and it fails for a specific scenario, debugging gets more complicated. The developers would typically replicate the scenario on a test network, but they may not be able to do so because of the lacking state database values. Additional debugging code in the smart contract is not feasible due to chaincode operations and involvement of multiple partners.
- Overall the cost for debugging is high, both the time and the process is complex factoring the number of participants involved.

Problem Description  
Impact of the Problem

- High Cost of Maintenance: Both the time and the process for maintaining the Hyperledger Fabric smart contract in production environment.
- Specialized Skill: Finding the talent for Hyperledger Fabric smart contract development becomes extremely difficult.
- Feasibility: Other blockchain protocols such as Ethereum have better tooling for smart contract developers.

Current Solutions

### IBM Blockchain Platform Extension

### Hyperledger Fabric Debugger: Spydra

Limitations of Current Solution  
Proposal

- Develop a plugin that can connect to any Hyperledger Fabric runtime. Including a test network brought up locally, a production instance or a cloud instance.
- If there is some process involved for setting up the debugging capability, then it should be one time.
- Flexibility to make calls to specific chaincode function, accept the values at runtime. Precompose list of values to be supplied.

## Solution

Functional Requirements  
Non-functional Requirements  
Functional Architecture  
System Architecture  
LLDs  
Implementation Plan

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:09

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
