WEBVTT

1
00:00:00.719 --> 00:00:01.110
Hyperledger Community: There we go.

2
00:00:04.770 --> 00:00:09.210
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, welcome to the November 18 technical steering committee call.

3
00:00:11.730 --> 00:00:20.220
Tracy Kuhrt: just start with obviously the antitrust policy notice that everybody on this call, has seen many, many times since we don't have any guests.

4
00:00:21.750 --> 00:00:29.700
Tracy Kuhrt: Just know that you should comply without, as well as the code of conduct that is linked to from the agenda.

5
00:00:30.780 --> 00:00:44.490
Tracy Kuhrt: So it started with the announcements, as always, the definitely weekly newsletter that goes out each Friday, so if you have anything that you'd like to add to that please consider doing that today and.

6
00:00:45.690 --> 00:01:03.570
Tracy Kuhrt: get it into the, the next step weekly newsletter also as a reminder, we won't be meeting next week, due to the US thanksgiving holidays so we've canceled next week's meeting and then yeah anybody else have any announcements that they would like to make.

7
00:01:11.070 --> 00:01:23.070
Tracy Kuhrt: resounding Simon says that nobody else has any announcements they'd like to make alright, so we do have the three reports that have been on the agenda for a few weeks now.

8
00:01:23.640 --> 00:01:33.180
Tracy Kuhrt: I haven't seen anything new at it to any of those reports, other than maybe just some discussions that have been kind of back and forth with the.

9
00:01:34.440 --> 00:01:46.080
Tracy Kuhrt: With the submitters so I don't think there's any outstanding questions, but I do want to give people the opportunity that if there is any outstanding questions that they'd like to ask, they bring it up now.

10
00:01:54.960 --> 00:02:00.240
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright again resounding silences that everybody's happy we'll let those three fall off.

11
00:02:01.950 --> 00:02:08.490
Tracy Kuhrt: Next week we will identify has reached out already to silence on the.

12
00:02:08.700 --> 00:02:26.040
Tracy Kuhrt: borough report, so we will hopefully expect to see that, too, we do have expected in the next meeting that we have, we should have hopefully for new reports for the grid transact cello and coke coming up.

13
00:02:27.480 --> 00:02:28.110
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

14
00:02:29.580 --> 00:02:31.710
Tracy Kuhrt: let's move on to the discussion.

15
00:02:32.880 --> 00:02:41.250
Tracy Kuhrt: So the first item that I have on the list here is the security process proposal that right has put out.

16
00:02:42.420 --> 00:02:53.250
Tracy Kuhrt: There has been some discussion on that, but like to open the floor to have further discussion on this particular proposal.

17
00:02:57.150 --> 00:02:57.540
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh no.

18
00:02:58.980 --> 00:03:11.910
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Yes, thank you, so I mean, admittedly, I should have started this before I put a comment earlier today but, given the time difference, you know I don't think anybody really had much chance to look at it, but.

19
00:03:12.630 --> 00:03:20.130
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean essentially I, on the proposal itself, I think this is going the right direction, the question I had.

20
00:03:20.730 --> 00:03:30.720
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): more to do with the current documentation, we have so right scroll down I put a link where you can you can have it there, too, but.

21
00:03:31.410 --> 00:03:41.820
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): In particular, you know, so we have it, and from that point of view, I think you know we we can give ourselves some kudos on the fact that it's not like we've never done anything.

22
00:03:42.150 --> 00:03:43.680
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): In this regard, and so we.

23
00:03:43.680 --> 00:04:03.540
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): actually have documentation with you know with regard to what how we handled security issues and and even a fairly detailed process on how to respond respond to two winner really reports, but so the proposal doesn't say anything about you know.

24
00:04:04.590 --> 00:04:17.550
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The current documentation, basically, the main change seems to be a we update the security empty file in all the repositories and um I think we also need to.

25
00:04:18.750 --> 00:04:27.630
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Look at the defect response page, so I didn't do a thorough review of it, but I looked at it, to some degree.

26
00:04:27.960 --> 00:04:33.840
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And there are certain things that I noticed that you know where there's like do trip and see differences.

27
00:04:34.170 --> 00:04:44.640
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Between what's being recommended now and what we have and just to name a few that I spotted going through kind of side by side or after rereading the guide.

28
00:04:45.510 --> 00:04:59.730
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And how they suggest to do this, for instance, they say, you should early on, negotiate with the reporter on an embargo period because some may not want to even respect any embargo.

29
00:05:00.390 --> 00:05:14.310
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Some will be more tolerant and negotiate with you agree on, you know, giving you some time to try to address the problem before they make it public, and then there are things like when we when we.

30
00:05:15.720 --> 00:05:17.310
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): create a CV.

31
00:05:19.080 --> 00:05:30.450
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The recommendation is to offer the reporter to be named deserve that they can they can be involved in the process, creating the CD and be given credit if they choose to.

32
00:05:31.050 --> 00:05:49.140
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And so I think these are like you know small details that i've seen in passing that I think could we could definitely you know get more lineman to because I think alignment on because I don't think that you know, there is any reason not to follow their commanded way basically so.

33
00:05:51.270 --> 00:05:52.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks rob.

34
00:05:52.710 --> 00:05:54.990
Tracy Kuhrt: So you had your hand up did you want a commenter.

35
00:05:55.290 --> 00:06:17.580
Hyperledger Community: Sure, I did make if you look at the history of the page I did make a couple edits to remove some of the stuff that was juror specific but I agree the rewriting of this page and it's implied it's not stated, I think this needs to be rewritten and but that's up that's all I say.

36
00:06:18.930 --> 00:06:19.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Try.

37
00:06:20.100 --> 00:06:20.400
No.

38
00:06:22.380 --> 00:06:32.100
Danno Ferrin: So, to give some more weeks, the need to rewrite some of this let's say hypothetically a maintainer find a bug that was shipped, and that is.

39
00:06:32.730 --> 00:06:45.090
Danno Ferrin: worthy of a CD he boner ability it doesn't really fit well into this process it's all focused on an external bug report doesn't answer key questions such as who do they have a duty to disclose it to before it goes public.

40
00:06:46.680 --> 00:06:54.750
Danno Ferrin: You know what sort of oversight if you're going to make this would be needed, or is there no oversight if it's found within the maintainer is it kept in the 1800s and fixed.

41
00:06:55.200 --> 00:07:04.380
Danno Ferrin: And I think that's actually a weakness that you know if you find something that you feel it's worthy of the of the designation of a security bug.

42
00:07:05.310 --> 00:07:10.890
Danno Ferrin: Reading through this you could in theory keep it entirely internal and never telling you want to just fix it and hope it goes away.

43
00:07:11.280 --> 00:07:14.520
Danno Ferrin: And I don't think that's a good thing, I think there should be some speaking about.

44
00:07:15.000 --> 00:07:22.110
Danno Ferrin: You know what what level is relevant now you know flip below a certain level yeah it's de minimis it doesn't matter just just fix it.

45
00:07:22.500 --> 00:07:28.650
Danno Ferrin: But above a certain level, I think there needs to be some level of oversight and what is that well it's probably going to be a fairly high level.

46
00:07:29.490 --> 00:07:39.570
Danno Ferrin: You know, not just you know something that you know you could, with the right no compound options, you could break something that's not worth it, but if it's only like the results of chain splits it's definitely worthy.

47
00:07:40.170 --> 00:07:43.320
Danno Ferrin: So I think that's Those are some things as we were right that's me to keep in mind.

48
00:07:47.490 --> 00:07:47.910
Tracy Kuhrt: Nathan.

49
00:07:49.110 --> 00:07:55.320
Nathan George: I think that updating this is a really great idea um it also helps protect the Community in case.

50
00:07:56.070 --> 00:08:06.180
Nathan George: One of the partners in the ecosystem doesn't want something disclosed who wants to delay something being disclosed having a favorite and policy, let us follow the policy and keep away from any controversy.

51
00:08:07.020 --> 00:08:14.640
Nathan George: Especially where you know, like the antitrust policy says we are a collection of competitors that are doing different things um I would also like to ask.

52
00:08:15.300 --> 00:08:25.500
Nathan George: Anyone from fabric has hacker one been working out for you, I mean some of the other projects you've done some hacker one and hadn't really gotten a lot of valuable response, I mean we got a lot of like.

53
00:08:26.430 --> 00:08:35.520
Nathan George: Things logged about you know, on a public domain website, we checked your DNS settings and you know stuff like that not we never really saw much substantive response on him.

54
00:08:39.060 --> 00:08:39.270
Nathan George: yeah.

55
00:08:39.510 --> 00:08:41.790
Tracy Kuhrt: And I had that same question on.

56
00:08:42.900 --> 00:08:48.660
Tracy Kuhrt: hacker one I think right had responded in the notes that.

57
00:08:50.850 --> 00:08:57.510
Tracy Kuhrt: There has been some input from everyone, but maybe not not very detailed as far as.

58
00:08:58.770 --> 00:09:05.790
Tracy Kuhrt: what's out there, so that was a concern that I had as well surrounding that.

59
00:09:06.900 --> 00:09:09.030
Tracy Kuhrt: Proposal number two if you will.

60
00:09:11.280 --> 00:09:11.640
Tracy Kuhrt: Dave.

61
00:09:13.470 --> 00:09:23.400
Dave Enyeart: yeah so we've had probably that's a decent number of hacker one reports, most of them have been pretty minor things like people trying to take over the read the Doc site things like that.

62
00:09:24.930 --> 00:09:29.220
Dave Enyeart: So I think it's mostly people trying to cherry pick and find bounties easily.

63
00:09:30.420 --> 00:09:38.850
Dave Enyeart: We haven't had anything to substantial reported, most of us have been through minor things that we didn't think we needed to do CVs for, but I think the process itself has worked out pretty well.

64
00:09:48.270 --> 00:09:51.420
Tracy Kuhrt: Other other comments or thoughts.

65
00:09:51.930 --> 00:09:53.550
Tracy Kuhrt: On on what's been.

66
00:09:54.030 --> 00:09:55.350
Tracy Kuhrt: proposed by Ryan.

67
00:10:01.170 --> 00:10:16.200
Tracy Kuhrt: If not, I feel like maybe where we're at is that we might need to put together a task force for some of these items for this, you know specifics around what it is that we're trying to accomplish with this.

68
00:10:17.760 --> 00:10:24.630
Tracy Kuhrt: You know I think more than any it boils down to what are we doing with the existing.

69
00:10:25.650 --> 00:10:28.860
Tracy Kuhrt: hacker one, what are we doing with the existing.

70
00:10:30.630 --> 00:10:47.730
Tracy Kuhrt: kind of wiki pages that we have what what is the the right process, and so, while I think all the proposals are good at a high level, and maybe it's a question of how do we get to the specifics in the detail behind it.

71
00:10:55.350 --> 00:11:13.080
Hyperledger Community: I agree, and I just want to show this, as this is a recent report for three days ago that came in to illustrate david's point, but this is this is actually a really good example of a valid report that.

72
00:11:14.100 --> 00:11:15.390
Hyperledger Community: In the end, has no value.

73
00:11:16.530 --> 00:11:24.210
Hyperledger Community: I mean it's valid what they're saying, but there's no change in fabric that's needed to to mitigate this so.

74
00:11:25.500 --> 00:11:32.100
Hyperledger Community: And if anyone on the tlc wants to be added to the hacker one program as an observer, I will invite you just let me know.

75
00:11:38.130 --> 00:11:42.120
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, do we have any volunteers to run a task force.

76
00:12:06.810 --> 00:12:08.730
Aruna S M: um I can have a view on this.

77
00:12:12.750 --> 00:12:13.140
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

78
00:12:15.270 --> 00:12:18.900
Tracy Kuhrt: anybody else interested in participating on the task force.

79
00:12:20.190 --> 00:12:22.770
Tracy Kuhrt: Is a room know I guess and.

80
00:12:23.820 --> 00:12:36.810
Tracy Kuhrt: get something set up to to run through and walk through the specifics, are there any any kind of comments or thoughts that people would like to add as a task force kicks off on this.

81
00:12:38.040 --> 00:12:41.220
Tracy Kuhrt: There any concerns with the direction that this is headed.

82
00:12:42.660 --> 00:12:49.020
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything that you know people would like to make sure that the task force really takes a look deeper into.

83
00:12:56.850 --> 00:13:03.870
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So i'll be happy to participate Task Force don't I don't know if I is not said anything.

84
00:13:05.040 --> 00:13:19.440
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Because he's you know he thinks he has his stuff he doesn't need to volunteer, but I think you'd be really good to have rial this because he has probably the most you know bang around them how things have been going so far.

85
00:13:22.230 --> 00:13:26.370
Hyperledger Community: i'll be there, I figured that was that was implied but.

86
00:13:28.980 --> 00:13:34.110
Hyperledger Community: there's there's a ton that's that's not captured here.

87
00:13:35.160 --> 00:13:46.230
Hyperledger Community: that these are issues that have been kicking around the tlc for a long time, like we have, I think, two or three projects that have people on the security mailing list.

88
00:13:48.240 --> 00:13:59.700
Hyperledger Community: I think that number is far too low, right now, we have a valid what appears to me to be a valid report of an issue in a project from hacker one.

89
00:14:01.650 --> 00:14:09.390
Hyperledger Community: hacker one only covers fabric, but i'm not going to just delete the response i've been trying to get someone from that project to engage on hacker one.

90
00:14:10.230 --> 00:14:21.840
Hyperledger Community: And I can't I can't get any response, and then we have another issue on the same project that was filed by a member of the Community directly via email that I forwarded to the security list.

91
00:14:22.650 --> 00:14:37.140
Hyperledger Community: and trying to get people to engage is like pulling teeth by policy that's probably easier, honestly, so I think that is missing is like what does the tlc want in terms of membership of the security.

92
00:14:38.490 --> 00:14:50.550
Hyperledger Community: Security team and what does the tlc expect, I mean our outline on hacker one says we will respond within 72 hours or something I think we've missed every one of those deadlines so Nathan.

93
00:14:52.080 --> 00:15:00.180
Nathan George: I think that all sounds like well within the remit of what needs to be addressed, I think refreshing the security mailing list membership.

94
00:15:00.630 --> 00:15:05.070
Nathan George: is probably something we have to do much more frequently than we have and.

95
00:15:05.820 --> 00:15:17.490
Nathan George: i'm not sure if there's a way we can measure some of our response times it feels like we have a few different places where we tell people response times are important on responding to issues on responding to emails and other things.

96
00:15:18.780 --> 00:15:25.290
Nathan George: i'm not sure the current lf analytics lets us measure that sort of a thing, but that that's something that we might be able to.

97
00:15:27.990 --> 00:15:32.340
Nathan George: Help us know when we need to trigger you know, adding or changing membership on some of these.

98
00:15:34.260 --> 00:15:34.830
Nathan George: committees.

99
00:15:40.170 --> 00:15:50.490
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah, so I think in terms of you know engagement from the projects we've got to be able to say, look at least for projects that have graduated.

100
00:15:50.880 --> 00:16:04.290
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You must have one of your maintainer is on this list on point you know ready to respond if this concerned your project, I mean if we can't enforce that we might as well go play something else.

101
00:16:05.820 --> 00:16:12.900
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean, I know the tsp doesn't have much power in practice, but this seems to be and for those who are not quite.

102
00:16:13.380 --> 00:16:28.620
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Up to date of this and maybe i'm being more sensitive immediately because i'm not engaging in a peer project to the hyper ledger Linux foundation, called the open ssl, which is where this guy 910 prom and.

103
00:16:29.040 --> 00:16:45.390
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): But the issue of you know, security and vulnerabilities regarding open source is becoming a major topic of discussion in the industry and around the world governments are taking a very serious look at this so we've got to do our part.

104
00:16:50.940 --> 00:16:52.620
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah definitely I think you know.

105
00:16:54.030 --> 00:17:10.320
Tracy Kuhrt: As Nathan mentioned having this be a remix of the task force makes some sense right as far as, how do we ensure that we're going to get projects involved in and how do we ensure that we're going to get the response times for the security issues.

106
00:17:12.390 --> 00:17:21.450
Tracy Kuhrt: I think all of those sorts of things fall into kind of the the revamp of the security processes that we have in place for for hyper ledger.

107
00:17:28.440 --> 00:17:37.290
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so you brought this up, this is just fyi for us as far as the all time minimum time to respond in time to triage that sort of thing.

108
00:17:37.620 --> 00:17:39.870
Hyperledger Community: Right just the question was like.

109
00:17:41.190 --> 00:17:45.750
Hyperledger Community: We don't have, how do we get these statistics we can get some of them from hacker one.

110
00:17:48.120 --> 00:17:56.880
Hyperledger Community: We could get them out of jira but it's not easily available and, beyond that, I think we have to.

111
00:17:58.470 --> 00:18:01.410
Hyperledger Community: we'd have to manually make some csv s.

112
00:18:03.840 --> 00:18:04.920
Hyperledger Community: will publish.

113
00:18:07.290 --> 00:18:09.300
Kamlesh Nagware: This hey Kevin the port.

114
00:18:10.410 --> 00:18:13.770
Kamlesh Nagware: St to any hyper ledger project will cover all liability projects.

115
00:18:15.600 --> 00:18:32.580
Hyperledger Community: This covers all submissions to the hyper ledger program the only funded projects are fabric, IBM it's been a long time, IBM directed funds to hacker one for this program through hyper ledger so hyper ledger has funded this or.

116
00:18:32.910 --> 00:18:33.750
Hyperledger Community: This Program.

117
00:18:34.920 --> 00:18:36.510
Hyperledger Community: We get reports from everything.

118
00:18:36.540 --> 00:18:36.900
Kamlesh Nagware: We get.

119
00:18:36.930 --> 00:18:39.330
Hyperledger Community: We get reports for every Linux foundation project.

120
00:18:40.470 --> 00:18:41.520
Kamlesh Nagware: So what.

121
00:18:41.700 --> 00:18:47.010
Kamlesh Nagware: Was he had a high end so they have anybody in the truth or it got all the project right.

122
00:18:48.930 --> 00:18:53.640
Hyperledger Community: This covers all submissions the only ones that we pay out on our fabric.

123
00:18:55.980 --> 00:19:03.930
Kamlesh Nagware: Oh OK OK OK, and I know this is publicly available or is a you need some credentials to view these reports.

124
00:19:05.820 --> 00:19:11.520
Hyperledger Community: For this report it's not yet publicly available, I guess, we could export the PDF and make that available.

125
00:19:13.530 --> 00:19:24.600
Hyperledger Community: i'll see what I can do in order to make this I don't want to do is publish stuff that's in progress so give me an hour or so and i'll get a version of this either on the wiki or on github one way or the other.

126
00:19:27.420 --> 00:19:31.440
Hyperledger Community: Okay, and I don't know if this URL.

127
00:19:32.940 --> 00:19:41.820
Hyperledger Community: Is publicly available I don't know if you have to be authenticated to see that or, if you have to I don't I don't know, but I will make it available i'll make the data available anyway.

128
00:19:45.270 --> 00:19:45.630
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah.

129
00:19:47.040 --> 00:19:47.430
Kamlesh Nagware: Thank you.

130
00:19:54.930 --> 00:19:55.350
Tracy Kuhrt: alright.

131
00:19:56.640 --> 00:20:00.120
Tracy Kuhrt: Any further discussion on this before we move on to the next topic.

132
00:20:09.750 --> 00:20:28.320
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so I reacted the inclusive meaning proposal to this, I wasn't sure whether or not the DCI was that the day after we last talked and what the update or status of that was so I did include it for us to get.

133
00:20:29.460 --> 00:20:38.250
Tracy Kuhrt: More information to see see the outcome and see where we're at with this particular one so grace if you wouldn't mind.

134
00:20:39.720 --> 00:20:41.580
Tracy Kuhrt: just giving us an update on this.

135
00:20:46.650 --> 00:20:51.780
Tracy Kuhrt: grace English is going to be call them, so this might be looking for her me button.

136
00:20:59.700 --> 00:21:05.760
Tracy Kuhrt: She might be able to kill off you Peter we're at the call, but he he working for Paul.

137
00:21:12.780 --> 00:21:14.070
Daniela Barbosa: I was not at the last one.

138
00:21:19.530 --> 00:21:22.830
Peter Somogyvari: Last DCI to a group called.

139
00:21:23.640 --> 00:21:31.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, did you guys make a progress on this particular proposal from the discussion that we had in the last year or.

140
00:21:33.270 --> 00:21:33.840
Peter Somogyvari: Not.

141
00:21:35.430 --> 00:21:41.730
Peter Somogyvari: We were talking about forming task forces within the DCI work group.

142
00:21:42.870 --> 00:21:46.890
Peter Somogyvari: But we haven't yet gotten to the proposal itself.

143
00:21:47.910 --> 00:21:50.460
Peter Somogyvari: The only the announcement that.

144
00:21:51.510 --> 00:21:53.730
Peter Somogyvari: I had an update is.

145
00:21:55.080 --> 00:21:55.590
Peter Somogyvari: That.

146
00:21:57.150 --> 00:21:58.620
Peter Somogyvari: same one that I gave.

147
00:21:59.760 --> 00:22:02.730
Peter Somogyvari: A couple weeks ago, maybe that I have finished.

148
00:22:03.990 --> 00:22:04.830
Peter Somogyvari: The.

149
00:22:06.630 --> 00:22:13.500
Peter Somogyvari: guide for the DC island to sort of there's now a step by step screen cast to deal where.

150
00:22:14.520 --> 00:22:15.180
Peter Somogyvari: People can.

151
00:22:16.290 --> 00:22:19.380
Peter Somogyvari: configure it on their project and pretty much just a few clicks.

152
00:22:21.030 --> 00:22:25.530
Peter Somogyvari: So we will include all in dad in the proposal as well.

153
00:22:27.060 --> 00:22:28.920
Peter Somogyvari: And that that was my update.

154
00:22:33.030 --> 00:22:40.740
Tracy Kuhrt: So it sounds like we haven't moved in from the discussion that we had last week on this particular item.

155
00:22:42.180 --> 00:22:48.030
Tracy Kuhrt: So if that's the case I guess that was the end of the agenda was it not.

156
00:22:49.830 --> 00:22:54.030
Tracy Kuhrt: So there anything else that anybody would like to talk about or cover.

157
00:23:01.890 --> 00:23:02.670
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So.

158
00:23:03.750 --> 00:23:14.370
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): At the risk of sounding a bit obsessed with security, no, I just wanted to raise attention to another to another project that's.

159
00:23:15.180 --> 00:23:30.090
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): being led by the OSS have and it's called scorecard and they basically are working on developing a tool that allows that provides a way to scan.

160
00:23:30.780 --> 00:23:42.120
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): repositories and with a whole bunch of different Yuri sticks, they are trying to assess the level of fun, I mean the risk is you know.

161
00:23:42.900 --> 00:23:59.070
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): For vulnerabilities into a repo and it's an interesting tool that is very much in the works, but I encourage people to have a look and try it out against their repo.

162
00:23:59.820 --> 00:24:08.880
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I started doing that and actually found the bug completely unrelated, but it was interesting Nevertheless, we are the weather Shell script that a.

163
00:24:09.390 --> 00:24:20.820
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): syntax error in it and and that the program found out but it's not really designed for this it just it just you know showed up in the report and.

164
00:24:21.480 --> 00:24:33.180
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): In any case, I think this is the kind of tool that we will be called to use more and more to again improve the security overall of open source projects.

165
00:24:33.690 --> 00:24:44.400
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And so I encourage people to have a look score score calm it's a small program there are different, it comes in different forms.

166
00:24:45.060 --> 00:24:54.060
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): This go projects go Lang so you can just grab the source code and compile it but, so there are different binaries available it comes to the.

167
00:24:54.540 --> 00:25:07.830
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): docker container and it's a pretty simple setup just basically you can run it locally in a machine just give it the URL of the github repo and it will just spit out.

168
00:25:08.670 --> 00:25:26.520
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): A report fairly quickly and it's again, you know it's by no means perfect nobody claims that the days, but they are working on trying to improve it over time and it's better than nothing, and they felt like well we've got to start somewhere so let's do it.

169
00:25:29.100 --> 00:25:29.460
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So.

170
00:25:30.600 --> 00:25:32.160
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, maybe.

171
00:25:35.250 --> 00:25:38.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Maybe add a link to the TC chat on that particular.

172
00:25:38.250 --> 00:25:38.700
sure.

173
00:25:39.870 --> 00:25:42.000
Tracy Kuhrt: tool, so that people can take a look at it.

174
00:25:42.030 --> 00:25:44.940
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah yeah absolutely happy to do that.

175
00:25:45.510 --> 00:25:47.940
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, and then was that was.

176
00:25:50.790 --> 00:25:52.230
Artem Barger: yeah I was just curious.

177
00:25:53.280 --> 00:25:58.830
Artem Barger: Which language does this to support so it's only for is it only for the Golan so it could be.

178
00:25:58.950 --> 00:26:21.540
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Think, no, no, no, so they are trying to cover as many languages as possible, it does things like Python and Java c++, and again I mean it's very much a work in progress, so they are hiding as we speak, right more and more suited for all sorts of things.

179
00:26:25.980 --> 00:26:29.580
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Put the put the link to the project in the chat.

180
00:26:30.630 --> 00:26:34.560
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And you can start looking at it and get a sense of what it does.

181
00:26:36.450 --> 00:26:53.220
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And it gives a score that's interesting it's not just black no or you know yay or nay it actually tries to give a score with regard to different tips types of tests that they ran, and so it gives your level of.

182
00:26:54.600 --> 00:26:58.500
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Confidence with regard to how good or bad, you are doing.

183
00:26:59.550 --> 00:27:16.080
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And I i'll be honest and transparent when I ran it against the fabric project, it gives us a score of less than five over 10 it was four point, something which okay hope we can improve because that doesn't look too good.

184
00:27:21.990 --> 00:27:22.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks.

185
00:27:24.240 --> 00:27:33.900
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah and one thing that I thought about was the not related to security, but just an update on the task force for the chat.

186
00:27:35.100 --> 00:27:39.180
Tracy Kuhrt: We did have our first meeting yesterday it was quite.

187
00:27:39.960 --> 00:27:42.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Quite a good meeting, where we talked about kind of.

188
00:27:42.930 --> 00:27:52.470
Tracy Kuhrt: requirements that people have for chat system, we talked about things that we think are currently missing from our chat system, we talked about things that are good with our chat system.

189
00:27:53.220 --> 00:28:05.520
Tracy Kuhrt: So I encourage anyone who has some thoughts on you know things they like about what we currently have things they don't like about what we currently have with rocket chat that let the task force know.

190
00:28:06.180 --> 00:28:15.750
Tracy Kuhrt: There is a wiki page that has been created to start to capture that information, but you know if there's if there's the opportunity that you have to.

191
00:28:16.230 --> 00:28:22.320
Tracy Kuhrt: To be to discuss this with other people in the Community and and get their feedback as well.

192
00:28:23.040 --> 00:28:31.620
Tracy Kuhrt: Please do that, I think that the task force is going to try and come to some of the project meetings and have a conversation with with people around.

193
00:28:32.070 --> 00:28:41.010
Tracy Kuhrt: What it is that they they like what it is they don't like so thanks for bringing the the wiki page up this is the wiki page that.

194
00:28:41.820 --> 00:28:50.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Is kind of the start of the discussion we really focused in on question zero but really a question nine with the requirements.

195
00:28:51.720 --> 00:29:12.390
Tracy Kuhrt: That we think should exist and kind of who the audiences are for the different sorts of people who come to to the chat so again, if you have any thoughts or would like to add to this this task force we're meeting again two weeks from yesterday so two weeks from.

196
00:29:14.100 --> 00:29:25.860
Tracy Kuhrt: Wednesday, which I don't know what the date is sometime in December, I believe, so feel free to check that out, I think the invite went out to the tasc may we were so there should be a.

197
00:29:28.860 --> 00:29:32.640
Tracy Kuhrt: link that you can come to and join that particular task force.

198
00:29:36.660 --> 00:29:40.080
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything else that you would like to bring up or discuss.

199
00:29:41.520 --> 00:29:42.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Before I let you have some.

200
00:29:51.780 --> 00:29:53.310
Tracy Kuhrt: very quiet group today.

201
00:29:55.830 --> 00:30:11.220
Tracy Kuhrt: I if there are no other comments, then I will let you go for those in the US enjoy the holiday next week and for everyone, we will see you in two weeks.

202
00:30:14.010 --> 00:30:14.400
Hyperledger Community: Thank you.

203
00:30:15.090 --> 00:30:16.500
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): sounds good, thank you.

204
00:30:17.790 --> 00:30:18.120
Dave Enyeart: bye.

