1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2019 Projects](2019-Projects_21954613.html)
5. [﻿X.509 Certificate Transparency using Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain](21954617.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Progress Timeline: X.509 Certificate Transparency

Created by Mahavir Jhawar, last modified by Harsh Jain on Aug 30, 2019

**Overview**: This page outlines tasks and milestones in order to manage and achieve goals that are set for the "X.509 Certificate Transparency using Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain" project.

**Project tasks and milestones** 

- Week 1-3

<!--THE END-->

- **Broader Goals for first Evaluation** 
  
  - Understanding CTB design ([https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/1232](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/1232))
  - Running the existing proof-of-concept code for Hyperledger based CTB (HLCTB) network
  - Building a proof-of-concept client/server application supporting HLCTB-assisted SSL/TLS connection

<!--THE END-->

- **Work done**
  
  - May 27 - June 2
    
    - Meeting with Prof. mahavir jhawar - Introduction and understanding the project
    - Premier on using openssl for generating certificates and signing certificates by certificate authority.
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - Read paper on CTB by mahavir jhawar: [https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/1232.pdf](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/1232.pdf)
    - Revisit Hyperledger key concepts: [https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/key\_concepts.html](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/key_concepts.html)
    - Understand the structure of crypto-config folder where certificate for identity management are stored.  (WIP)
    - Run CTB network with two CA and browser organisations. Able to add certificate and query them.
    - Reissue certificate while the previous one is active. I have gone through the go chaincode, *VerifyPKCS1v15*  is at heart of reissuing certificate. But I am not able to understand what the signCert exactly is? Whether it is sign of newcertstring or newcertfile or sha256 of newcert using the current public key.
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - `openssl dgst -sha256 -sign currentCert.key -out sign.txt newCert.crt , but this produces binary output and VerifyPKCS1v15 is returning false.`
    
    June 3 - June 9
    
    - Create a github repository with POC of CTB network using hyperledger
    - Reported issue related Wrong port number in build your first network 
      
      Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
    - Understanding and running the basic-network, first-network and fabcar application of fabric-samples
    - Write a blog on structure of crypto-config and how different keys are related
    
    June 10 - June 16
    
    - Monday - Meeting with deva madala on progress till now and technical guidance
    - Testing the HLCTB network POC written by deva madala (fabric 1.1) and understood how to connect to HLCTB network and executing the chaincode
    - Modifying the HLCTB network by adding CA to each org and couchDB for each peers for fabric 1.4
    - Besides the main goal, started with switching from direct container management to orchestration of containers using kubernetes
    - Create the project timeline and meeting regarding the same
    - Change in existing chaincode for proper revocation of certificates
    
    June 17 - June 23
    
    - Using easybaas (VMware tool, [https://labs.vmware.com/flings/blockchain-on-kubernetes](https://labs.vmware.com/flings/blockchain-on-kubernetes)) for creating the hyperledger related config for deploying on kubernetes and also modifying the same for incorporating the changes in fabric 1.4
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - [https://hackernoon.com/how-to-deploy-hyperledger-fabric-on-kubernetes-1-a2ceb3ada078](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-deploy-hyperledger-fabric-on-kubernetes-1-a2ceb3ada078)
    - [https://labs.vmware.com/flings/blockchain-on-kubernetes](https://labs.vmware.com/flings/blockchain-on-kubernetes)
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - Tuesday - meeting with Prof. mahavir jhawar regarding preparation for demo and current progress
    - Create an application(SDK) for connecting to the network and executing chaincode functions
    - Create a demo for server/client SSL PKI verification using HLCTB network
    - Thursday - show the demo to deva madala
    - Write a readme on how to run demo server/client application for testing HLCTB network
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - [https://github.com/harsh-98/ctb/tree/master/docs/run\_demo.md](https://github.com/harsh-98/ctb/tree/master/docs/run_demo.md)
    
    <!--THE END-->
    
    - Friday-  show the final step by step demo to Professor and deva madala and discussion of the second quarter plans

<!--THE END-->

- Week 4-6

<!--THE END-->

- **Broader Goals for second Evaluation** 
  
  - Hosting the HLCTB over cloud
  - FireFox Extension to support HLCTB-assisted https connections
  - Development of an interface allowing registration of Certification Authorities to HLCTB network
- **Work Done**
  
  - June 24 - June 30
    
    - Trying to add Yeasy/blockchain-explorer:0.1.0-preview to the hlf network.
    - Added blockchain-explorer for fabric 1.4 on the HLF CTB network for easy monitoing of the transactions and the ledger.
    - Created a script for automatic testing of network. Using this we can generate multiple ca, domains cerificates , push them to the network, renew the certs for domains and also revoke them. It uses the CA server as a proxy.
    - Tested for serial processing of transactions for 100 domains and 5 times renewal of certificates and revoking them in the end. The network handled that, and blocks produced had one transaction each. Achieved a processing rate of 20-30 transactions per minute.
    - Tested for parallel processing with the same settings as serial processing. Each blocks had upto 10 transactions and achieved a processing rate of 200 transactions per minute.
    - Create a docker image of blockchain-explorer . It has two images , one for server and other for client.
    
    July 1 - July 7
    
    - Raised issue on \`Explorer not able to connect orderer from docker.\` - 
      
      Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
    - Attending mentors and mentees meet call.
    - Adding caliper to network
    - Testing using caliper for different number of transactions and tps while changing block size and batch timeout in configtx.yaml
    - Adding swagger interface to ca server
    - Adding authentication to ca server
    - Deploying whole network on cloud with blockchain-explorer, ca server and caliper
    - Making  chrome extension
    
    July 7 - July 14
    
    - Make firefox extension
    - Add script for generating crypto-material and docker files for new CA organisation
    - Adding new CA organisation to current HLCTB network(locally)
    - Fixing queryCertificateHistory and adding creation of affiliation for orgs if not present
    - Create pm2 process file for CA server, reports server and channel Config API.

<!--THE END-->

- Week 7-9

<!--THE END-->

- **Broader Goals for third Evaluation** 
  
  - Scaling up of HLCTB: Simulation of https connections to sufficiently many HLCTB-registered domains
  - Bench-marking HLCTB-assisted handshake overhead (on top of SSL/TLS handshake)
  - Fine tuning of HLCTB operations for better efficiency and security

<!--THE END-->

- **Work Done**
  
  - July 15 - July 21 
    
    - Monday meeting on caliper, firefox extension, CA server api and discussed further plan.
    - Deploy network on cloud and joining new organisation to network present on different server(whole network contains of 2 server)
    - Patching TLS certificates of orderers and peers for including IP SANs and documenting the errors faced
    - Documenting how to add new CA organisation
    - Create transfer\_asset script for transfer TLS certificate for CA server
    - Documenting how to connect CA server to CA organisation in HLCTB network
    
    July 22 - July 28
    
    - Presentation on CTB and work done
    - Reading paper on scaling hyperledger handle order of 4 tps.
    - Adding demo for [ctb-testing.ml](http://ctb-testing.ml) using self-signed CA
    
    July 29 - Aug 4
    
    - Meeting with mentor showing the work done and changes needed.
    - Adding demo for [hfctb.ml](http://hfctb.ml) using lets encrypt as CA

<!--THE END-->

- Week 10-12

<!--THE END-->

- **Broader Goals for last Evaluation**
  
  - Prepare report explaining completed tasks
  - Certificate revocation
  - Present your work done to hyperledger community
  - Wrapping up and organising the codebase

<!--THE END-->

- **Work Done**
  
  - Aug 5 - Aug 11
    
    - Meeting with mentors on created presentation and suggested changes in it for better understanding
    - Create more interactive presentation and also a demo video
    - Looked into certificate revocation part and studied current methods CRL, OCSP, OCSP stapling and Must-Staple
    
    Aug 12 - Aug 18
    
    - Attended Hyperledger internship presentation of other students
    - Started working on report
    - Setup a OCSP responder, webserver for handling OCSPERQUEST using ocsp npm package
    
    Aug 19 - Aug 25
    
    - Meeting with mentors-- different ways of integrating currently available revocation models in HFCTB network
    - Wrapping up and organizing the codebase

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
