1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : DRman : Utility to provision and administer DID based Verifiable credential registries for Hyperledger Aries framework

Created by Arun Prakash, last modified by Min Yu on Dec 19, 2022

**Project Title**DRman : Utility to provision and administer DID based Verifiable credential registries for Hyperledger Aries framework**Status**

COMPLETED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM  

# Description

The project  [DRman](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman) has an end goal of developing a stand-alone utility to provision Verifiable Credential Registries \[VCR]. The utility can also be used to administer the registry containing credentials issued by the organizations.  The functionalities like creation, verification, modification, and revocation of credentials, form the core of this project as it enables the administrator to manage the VCR with ease. 

The significant aspects to be considered here are Creation, Onboarding (Enable/Restrict Access) of members, and Management(add/update/revoke) of DIDs.

a) Creation (of DID Registry): Function to create a DID Registry for an organization on Git. The automation is already done for this part and can be tracked at [https://github.com/DIDman/DRman/issues/3](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman/issues/3).

b) Onboarding: Function to add enable/restrict access to members of an organization to a repository (e.g., using a combination of GitHub private tokens, GitHub username &amp; users DID). 

c) Manage: Function to list APIs that are needed to add/update/revoke access DID’s or (DID Document) saved as files on the repo.

This summer, the project holds a variety of interesting automation issues to be addressed that focus more on onboarding and management of the organizations that intend to add themselves to the DID-based Verifiable credential registry.

# Additional Information

You can access the current issues at [https://github.com/DIDman/DRman/issues](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman/issues)

# Learning Objectives

The mentee will have an opportunity to learn

- The process of converting the architecture into an executable code.
- Hands-on usage of Hyperledger Aries, Ursa, Indy.
- Git, Shell Scripting, RUST.
- Open-source contribution, documentation, and sense of ownership.
- Opportunity to contribute to  articles, blog posts or white papers related to the project.

# Expected Outcome

- Enhance the existing command-Line utility to automate the process of creating a DID Registry for the members of organizations utilizing GitHub Verifiable Credential Registry.
- Features like Onboarding members to the registry, Manage functionality to add/update/revoke access DID’s are expected.
- Markdown tutorial documentation, Swagger API Documentation.
- Present the work at Hyperledger forums.

# Relation to Hyperledger

GitHub/GitLab based DID registries that can be used by Hyperledger Ursa, Hyperledger Aries, or any other Hyperledger Framework that needs to interact with DID Registries 

# Education Level

Graduate or master's students preferred. Please do take a look at the skills.

# Skills

Languages: Shell Scripting, RUST, &lt;Freedom to choose your own tech stack&gt;

We are looking for someone who has an interest in making things faster, reliable, and manageable by utilizing the power of automation. Also, the ability to understand the existing architectures that the project holds, but don't worry if you are stuck anywhere, we are always there to help. Any high-level understanding of Decentralized Identity is also desirable to some extent. 

# Future plans

The plan is to enhance the potential of  DRMan to manage a full-featured DID Registry on GitHub and integrate it with GVCR. The project is expected to be seeded in Hyperledger Labs in future.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Part-time (20 hours a week for 24 weeks, starting in summer and ending in fall)

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Vinod Panicker ( [vinod.panicker@wipro.com](mailto:vinod.panicker@wipro.com))

Arun Prakash Jothimani ( [arunprakashpj@gmail.com](mailto:arunprakashpj@gmail.com))

Wei Yao ([weiyaobiz@outlook.com](mailto:weiyaobiz@outlook.com))

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
