1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)
5. [GVCR: Secure Verifiable Credential Registries (VCR) for GitHub &amp; GitLab](21958442.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - GVCR: Secure Verifiable Credential Registries (VCR) for GitHub &amp; GitLab

Created by Sarvesh Shinde on Jun 21, 2022

## **Abstract**

Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI) is an alternate approach to digital identity that individuals control of their digital identities. The three pillars of the SSI ecosystem are the Decentralised Identifiers protocol (DIDs), Distributed Ledger Technology (or Blockchain) and Verifiable Credentials (VC).

This project aims to implement a GitHub/GitLab based Verifiable Credential Registry (VCR), accordingly named as GVCR. DRMan is a CLI based tool, currently under development, that aims to implement and provide for a GVCR.

## **Mentors**

Vinod Panicker ( [vinod.panicker@wipro.com](mailto:vinod.panicker@wipro.com))

Arun Prakash Jothimani ( [arunprakashpj@gmail.com](mailto:arunprakashpj@gmail.com))

Wei Yao ([weiyaobiz@outlook.com](mailto:weiyaobiz@outlook.com))

## **Mentee**

Sarvesh Shinde ( [SarveshShinde64@gmail.com](mailto:SarveshShinde64@gmail.com) )

#### Communication Channels:

Discord, Github and WhatsApp

#### Repo Link:

[https://github.com/DIDman/DRman](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman.git)

## **Deliverables**

- Generating a DID registry creation script.
- Scripts for on boarding users ( i.e admins, approving authority).
- Scripts for providing access control for GVCR.
- Demo/MVP using GVCR.
- Implementing BDD driven test cases for all scripts.
- Complete Documentation of the DRMan tool.

## **Milestones**

Week #WeekActivityStatus

0

June 1 -June 7

First contact with mentor and discussion of solutions.

Completed

1-3

June 8 - June 28

Understand the codebase and Resolve issue-3

In - Progress

4-6

June 29 - July 12

Evaluation 1

Resolve issue-4In - Progress

7-8

July 12 - July 25

Discuss and create architecture

9-10

July 26 - August 8

Evaluation 2

Provide tests and architecture documentation.

11-14

August 9 - September 5

Start the implementation

15-18

September 6 - October 3

Evaluation 3

Provide tests and documentation.

19-20

October 4 - October 17

Resolve issues and feedback given by mentors

21-22

October 18 - October 31

Discuss on future work and create a skeleton

23-24

November 1 - November 14

Evaluation 4

Complete documentation

## **Methodology**

Every milestone has a planning session associated with it. At the end of a satisfactory execution of the ongoing milestone, a review and feedback session is planned. This sessions are in addition to regular weekly sessions kept for progress updates. 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
