1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2024 Projects](2024-Projects_21954934.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Extend DRman &amp; GitVCR for Gitlab

Created by Vinod Panicker, last modified by Min Yu on Apr 04, 2024

**Project Title**Extend DRman &amp; GitVCR for Gitlab**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Primary Focus**

CODING DOCUMENTATION  RESEARCH

# Description

The project [DRman](https://github.com/DIDman/DRman) aims to develop a standalone utility for Verifiable Credential Registries (VCR) management. It includes functionalities like credential creation, verification, modification, and revocation, enabling easy management of the registry. The project has three significant aspects: DID Registry creation, member onboarding, and DID management. The project seeks to address migration issues by migrating the project from GitHub to GitLab to make it infrastructure-agnostic.

The project DRman has an end goal of developing a stand-alone utility to provision VCR. The utility can also be used to administer the registry containing credentials issued by the organizations.  The functionalities like creation, verification, modification, and revocation of credentials, form the core of this project as it enables the administrator to manage the VCR with ease. 

Key aspects include:

- Creation (of DID Registry): Function to create a DID Registry for an organization on Git.
- Onboarding: Function to add enable/restrict access to members of an organization to a repository (e.g., using a combination of GitHub private tokens, GitHub username &amp; users DID).
- Management: Function to list APIs that are needed to add/update/revoke access DID’s or (DID Document) saved as files on the repository.

This summer, the project holds a variety of interesting migration issues to be addressed that focus more on migrating the project from GitHub to GitLab, making it infra agnostic.

# Learning Objectives

The mentee will have an opportunity to learn

- Gain proficiency in using GitLab as a version control and collaboration platform.
- Learn how to migrate a project from GitHub to GitLab, including the process of converting the architecture into executable code.
- Develop hands-on experience with Hyperledger Aries and Indy, along with adopting the Hyperledger AnonCreds specification.
- Build skills in Shell Scripting and Rust, which are programming languages utilized in the project.
- Deepen understanding of open-source contribution, documentation, and ownership through active project involvement and potential contributions to related articles, blog posts, or white papers.

# Expected Outcome and Deliverables

- Enhance the command-line utility to automate DID Registry creation for organization members using GitLab VCR, incorporating Hyperledger AnonCreds specification for added security and interoperability.
- Implement the functionalities of onboarding members to the registry and managing access to DID's through adding, updating, and revoking access.
- Create high-quality markdown tutorial documentation and Swagger API documentation that is easy to understand and use for future contributors.
- Present the completed work at Hyperledger forums, demonstrating a deep understanding of the project's architecture and functionality.

# Relation to Hyperledger and Impact on the community

By employing GitHub/GitLab-based DID registries compatible with Hyperledger Aries and adopting Hyperledger AnonCreds, this project aims to enhance interoperability and utility within the Hyperledger Indy and TOIP (Trust over IP) Ecosystem.

# Recommended Skills

We are looking for mentees with:

- Graduate or master's students with a focus on software development or related fields.
- Knowledge of decentralized identity concepts and familiarity with Hyperledger frameworks, specifically Aries and AnonCreds.
- Proficiency in Shell Scripting and Rust programming languages.
- A history of contributing to open-source projects, ideally demonstrated by at least one resolved issue, and a strong interest in the Hyperledger ecosystem.

# Future plans

Our goal is to enhance DRMan's capabilities for comprehensive DID Registry management on GitLab, incorporating the Hyperledger AnonCreds specification and extending GitHub operations. We aim to seed the project within Hyperledger Labs to significantly extend its reach and impact.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Vinod Panicker ([vinod.panicker@wipro.com](mailto:vinod.panicker@wipro.com)), Wipro Limited

Arun Prakash Jothimani ([arunprakashpj@gmail.com](mailto:arunprakashpj@gmail.com)), H&amp;M Group

Wei Yao ([weiyaobiz@outlook.com](mailto:weiyaobiz@outlook.com)), AI Research Center, New Jersey Institute of Technology

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
