1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2019 Projects](2019-Projects_21954613.html)
5. [﻿IoT and DLT in a telecom multi carriers architecture](21955764.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan: IoT and DLT in a Telecom

Created by Nachiket tapas, last modified by Zicheng Wang on Jan 17, 2020

## Project Deliverables

- A medium article aggregating the relevant resources and design approach.
- Architectural design of an IoT system utilizing Hyperledger Indy for identity management of the devices.
- Architectural design of an IoT system enabling device-2-device interaction in an autonomous fashion.
- Implementation and testing of the system on a virtual test bed.
- Implementation and testing of the system in a real environment. (No physical real environment, virtual instead)
- Academic Output: a conference/journal paper outlining the proposal of autonomous device to device communication using Hyperledger Indy. (Schedule on March 2020, Phoenix)

## Project Milestones

- Make literature research, design and confirm system architecture and network configuration for a blockchain solution for IoT 28 Oct 2019 
  
  - Project kick-off, initial communication, share ideas and project organization.
  - Establish working practices, set communication schedule, agree on outputs/targets and milestones.
  - Perform an analysis based on literature review/online tutorial to consider the systems, architectures, and configuration tested in projects and compare these to the working model.
  - Analysis to include the basic concepts on Identity(Hyperledger Indy)
  - Final outline system design, architecture, and configuration.
  - Finalize the system architecture and produce a design document detailing the design choices and details.
- Coding the proposed solution 04 Nov 2019 
  
  - Trying existing solutions developed for Indy
  - Prepare the development environment.
  - Code the solution.
  - Documenting the process.

Testing of the developed system on a virtual testbed 18 Nov 2019 

- Prepare the testing environment.
- Perform the test.
- Documenting the process and results

<!--THE END-->

- Testing of the developed system in a real test environment. 09 Dec 2019 
  
  - Prepare the testing environment.
  - Perform the test.
  - Document the process and results.
- Documentation and final submission  20 Dec 2019 (Done Jan 17 2019)
  

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
