1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2019 Projects](2019-Projects_21954613.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : ﻿Microcontroller (ESP32/ESP8266) IOT Indy Agent

Created by Sam Curren, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 22, 2019

**Title**Microcontroller (ESP32/ESP8266) IOT Indy Agent**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM  

# Description

IOT Devices are nearly always connected via a connection to the vendor's cloud service. An Indy Agent based device would provide a demonstration of how IOT devices can align with user-centric privacy and control principles. ESP32 and ESP8266 devices are common and affordable, and are commonly used as a foundation of IOT Devices both in industry and hobby projects. This project will demonstrate both data collection via sensors and display via actuators, lights, and other devices.

# Additional Information

Agent Messaging is based on functions found in TweetNacl, available on the Arduino platform.

# Learning Objectives

Building Crypto based software on the constrained environment of a microcontroller, Agent Messaging, Thin Indy Agents. Exploring user interaction applications.

# Expected Outcome

Demonstration of connected Indy IOT Agent, open source code example, and complete hardware instructions to replicate the project.

# Relation to Hyperledger

Hyperledger Indy

# Education Level

Undergraduate

# Skills

Arduino Experienced Preferred, basic arduino I/O experience.

# Future plans

Integration of Indy Agent IOT devices into example device integrations.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Full-time or Part-time acceptable.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Sam Curren, Sovrin Foundation. sam@sovrin.org, HL Rocketchat: TelegramSam

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
