1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Develop a Blockchain Based Game with Hyperledger &amp; other chains

Created by Sandy Aggarwal, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**Develop a blockchain game using Hyperledger &amp; other Layer 1 or Layer 2 chains**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM  HIGH

# Description

There is a lot of hype going on with the blockchain gaming world and we as the open source community have a responsibility to conduct a deep dive into real use cases of blockchain technology in the gaming space where it makes practical sense as well as identify areas where blockchain technology is not an appropriate solution (not viable or not cost effective or impractical since better solutions already exist).  

This project then looks into various aspects of a blockchain based game such as use of tokens as currency and for providing governance and/or functional utility in the game's ecosystem.  

In the beginning, this project will use ready to use solutions such as Polygon or a comparable Layer 2 option for Ethereum but then we'll look for a high performance set up on one of the Hyperledger chains such as Besu or Iroha. We'll also evaluate possibility of using a Hyperledger based Layer 2 scaling solution. The game play will be kept pretty simple in the beginning but it will be based on blockchain version of a classic board game such as Settlers of Catan or Monopoly. In later versions, we plan to implement High Definition gaming if possible.     

# Additional Information

Game play and tokenomics will be added to Wiki in near future.  

# Learning Objectives

This study project aims to analyze and document the best practices, architectural framework and design patterns for applications of blockchain technology in the gaming space. Examples being, use of BaaS (Blockchain as a service), SSI (Self sovereign Identity) and blockchain agnostic frontends and backends. This project will be accomplished in two parts as below:

1\) Design and develop POC games in order to conduct a deep dive into use cases of Blockchain Technology in Gaming

2\) Document Best Practices, Architectural Frameworks, Design Patterns and Tokenomics for Blockchain Gaming based on these POCs

Some of the important features of this initiative will include:

- Interoperability of web3 games, on-chain or off-chain
- Easily tradable game assets across the ecosystem as well as against fiat
- Federated player IDs to allow for players to be "present" in multiple games at the same time
- Free or inexpensive on-ramping of players without having to pay heavy upfront cost just to start playing
- Free or inexpensive transfer of gaming assets on and off the chain
- Most importantly, significantly reduce blockchain related friction for players and game developers and make it easy to safely join a game or design a game that uses some DLT.

# Expected Outcome

This project work will have two expected outcomes: 

1\) Creation of a demo game which exhibits the chosen attributes of blockchain gaming

2\) Documentation of Best Practices, Architectural Frameworks, Design Patterns and Tokenomics for Blockchain Gaming based on these POCs

# Relation to Hyperledger

**This project is being submitted on behalf of MESIG-GAMING subgroup and is expected to benefit the Hyperledger community by promoting blockchain-gaming based on non-speculative use cases.**

While the initial iterations of this project may make use of non-Hyperledger chains such as Ethereum, Cardano, Solana or Polkadot (at L1 level) and Polygon or Avalanche (at L2 level), we'll evaluate corresponding chains using Hyperledger chains such as Besu or Iroha for high performance gaming needs. We'll also evaluate possibility of using a Hyperledger based solution (Layer 1 or Layer 2) for game assets, NFTs and state management. 

# Education Level

Candidate is expected to have engineering background or relevant experience. 

# Skills

This person must have a deep understanding of game development with at least Unity or Unreal Engine tools.

Knowledge of blockchain fundamentals is needed. If a candidate has strong understanding of token standards such as ERC 721 and ERC 1155, it'd a pus point.

Experience with VR/XR tools is a plus point.

Experience with game design and development with different device types

# Future plans

Many game development companies are seeking talented individuals with experience in blockchain game development. This program can provide immense value and exposure to the selected person as the Hyperledger gaming team is planning to engage with prominent game developers and studios for collaborative work. There are also plans underway to set up a hiring assistance program to allow for trained personnel to be employed by different companies. 

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Both full time and part time options are open. 

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

[Sandy Aggarwal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6231ef383eacc50071fdb9cb?ref=confluence)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
