1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)
5. [Cross-Chain State Modelling and Analysis](Cross-Chain-State-Modelling-and-Analysis_21954826.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan: Cross-Chain State Modelling and Analysis

Created by Akanksha Dixit, last modified on Jul 22, 2022

**Deliverables:**

- Create endpoints and open api files
- find cross-chain use-case, implemented by cactus connector
- create model based on those specifications
- extend cctxviz to support ubiquity data
- obtain all data regarding that use case, attribute case ids based on some criteria (such as identity)
- run obtained data against the model

**Activities** 

ScheduleActivityDeliverables

Week 1 - Week 6

Jun 1 - Jul 13

**Jul 11: 1st Quarterly Evaluation**

- Conduct a literature review on blockchain Interoperability.
- Typescript course;
- Understand the architecture of Hyperledger Cactus Connector
- Investigate the required tools and components for the project.

<!--THE END-->

- Project Plan
- Code/Libraries Setup
- Submit PR for an open issue on Github

Week 7 - Week 12

Jul 13 - Aug 24

**Aug 22: 2nd Quarterly**

- Study and understand the working of a blockchain bridge, particularly between Ethereum and Polkadot
- map the transaction receipt data model for Polkadot
- create cross-chain events based on these transactions

<!--THE END-->

- a working bridge instance
- data model for generated transactions

Week 13 - Week 18

Aug 24 - Oct 5

**Oct 3: 3rd Quarterly Evaluation**

- Study and deploy a third-party connector to obtain transactions from smart-contract in two separate blockchains i.e. a bridge possibly between Ethereum and Polkadot.
- map these transactions into events
- Run process mining on the generated event log; openapi;endpoints

<!--THE END-->

- connector library demonstrating data extraction
- visualization of extracted data using cctxviz

Week 19 - Week 24

Oct 5 - Nov 13

**Nov 14: 4th Quarterly Evaluation**

- Complete technical report of the project.
- Writing a research paper based on the design, implementation, and evaluation of the project.

<!--THE END-->

- A blockchain interoperability paper based on the outcome of the project.
- Technical report of the project.
- Final presentation and demo.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
