1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Client Connector for Hyperledger Besu

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified by Min Yu on Jan 03, 2023

**Project Title**Client Connector for Hyperledger Besu (Ethereum)**Status**

COMPLETED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM   

# Description

Develop a connector that provides both synchronous and asynchronous modes of interacting with a running Hyperledger Besu node. The connector would act as an interface between an enterprise application and the Hyperledger Besu node for data ingestions and it could provide event subscription options.

The scope of the project would also include an end-to-end test on a sample network.

# Additional Information

- Explore and use the available API plugin option [https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Concepts/Plugins/](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Concepts/Plugins/).

# Learning Objectives

- Understand Hyperledger Besu conceptually.
- Learn enterprise integrations for practical usage of a blockchain technology.
- Become proficient in micro-service development.
- Design API interfaces, work for scale by handling asynchronous interfaces.
- Learn open source processes.
- Work closely with the community experts.

# Expected Outcome

- Design and implement the connector.
- A new Hyperledger Labs project is proposed with a documentation.

# Relation to Hyperledger

The project would be a plugin or a connector to interact with the Hyperledger Besu network.

# Education Level

Undergraduate / Graduate with relevant background in computer programming.

# Skills

Must:

- Experience working with Java programming language.

Good to have

- Blockchain fundamentals and specifically any experience with Hyperledger Besu.
- Springboot framework exposure.
- Container technologies - Image creation, Orchestration etc.

# Future plans

- The proposal falls in the similar grounds as of [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hlf-connector](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hlf-connector). In future, these connectors can be standardized and brought into single repository for interface consistency.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

40 hours/week full-time for 12 weeks.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Arun S M, aruna.mohan@walmart.com, arsulegai#7968, Walmart

Rahul Batra, rahul.batra@walmart.com, -, Walmart

Nidhi Singh, [nidhi.singh0@walmart.com](mailto:nidhi.singh0@walmart.com), - , Walmart

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
