1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Decentralised Wholistic Marketplace

Created by Xolani Andile Ngcana, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**A Decentralised marketplace for Holistic Health**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

  MEDIUM 

# Description

The project I chose is a decentralized marketplace for all holistic herb practitioners, personal trainers to be able to supply there products and/or services to users of the marketplace. 

The decentralized marketplace will concentrate exclusively on holistic health products for the benefit of all our users. We aim to improve the emotional intelligence of our users/community. We aim to solve the problem of people not getting the most beneficial natural plant based herbs and personal training routine to improve their health, physically, mentally and emotionally by providing a decentralized marketplace where all health apprentices and health masters can commerce and converse. 

Our motto "Your Health is your Greatest Wealth." 

# Additional Information

# Learning Objectives

*The Learning objectives are being able to write code in ChainCode and/or Solidity.*

*Being able to deploying a smart contact, using ChainCode and/or Solidity.*

*Beeing able to create a Web interface dApp.*

*Being able to use API's*

# Expected Outcome

Web dApp Interface 

Enabling deposits and withdrawals.

Enabling a web wallet browser to interact with our dApp.

*API* *integration.*

Buy and Sells products and/or services.

# Relation to Hyperledger

Hyperledger fabric, Hyperledger Besu and Hyperledger Besu

# Education Level

Non recurred. 

# Skills

Web Architecture.

HTML and CSS.

BackEnd Development Languages.

Solidity, Python, C++, Node.js, ChainCode, React, Rest.

JavaScript.

Git and GitHub.

Database Management Systems.

Fundamentals of Designs.

# Future plans

I plan to approach all farmers, personal trainers, traditional healers and herbalists and entice them to join our marketplace, and for them to put there products and/or services on our platform and benefit from our decentralized wholistic marketplace.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Part-time (20 hours a week for 24 weeks starting in Summer and ending in fall.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Arun Prakash Jothimani

Daniel Krook

Joshua Fernandes

Rohit Lodha

Sanjeev Gupta

Sara Rouhani

Tong Li

Yan Yang

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
