1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Green Blockchain

Created by Elisabeth Green, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**Green Blockchain**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

LOW MEDIUM  HIGH

# Description

8-part project where a mentee may work on one or more parts

1\. Develop altGDP electronic assets based on alternative metrics for collective value. Measure altGDP using an algorithm which learns from scientific discovery the health consequences of environmental perturbation.  
2\. Design a safety net based on alternatives to GDP. The safety net should reward the retired individual for all of her previous data collection, carbon sequestration, environmental conservation, and healthspan extension by issuing retirement benefits according to the environmental credit amassed by the retiree over her lifetime, would issue no retirement benefit to the environmental debtor, and would issue benefits to the lifetime carbon neutral at the standard poverty rate.  
3\. Develop a lifetime environmental impact calculator that includes the environmental impact of an individual's employment and holdings including real estate, investments, and trusts. Make a graphical representation like the one depicted at [http://Green247.org/impact.htm](http://Green247.org/impact.htm) for each employee who uses the calculator.  
4\. Develop a distributed ledger that tracks the lifetime carbon debt incurred by each government official, billionaire, and corporate CEO.  
5\. Develop a smart market that keeps members of the community out of environmental debt. It operates on smart contracts that exchange goods for environmental credit from environmental creditors only. For example, an individual may transfer only her environmental credit or goods. The smart market limits contracts so that each contract preserves her lifetime environmental neutrality.  
6\. Develop a smart contract based on an algorithm which learns from scientific discovery the health consequences of environmental perturbation. The contract limits transfers so that the amount transferred remains within the scientifically estimated value of the impact.  
7\. Track equal opportunities for employees by employer characteristics. Develop a lifetime employer characteristic calculator that includes the characteristics of the employee's past employers to determine the characteristics of the future employers she needs to work for in order to become an equal opportunity employee. Make a graphical representation like the one depicted at [http://Green247.org/employee.htm](http://Green247.org/employee.htm) for each employee who uses the calculator.  
8\. Automate court settlement transfers as the video at [http://green247.org/settlement.mp4](http://green247.org/settlement.mp4) describes.

# Additional Information

&lt;a href="employee.htm"&gt;[http://Green247.org/employee.htm](http://Green247.org/employee.htm) &lt;/a&gt;

# Learning Objectives

The project is of interest to the Climate Action and Accounting SIGs and the Healthcare SIGs. The mentee may enjoy these groups, learning how to incorporate data from a silo into a program that describes phenomena with a Green perspective, minting NFTs, and coding in Python and a blockchain coding language.

# Expected Outcome

Develop each part of the project into a minimum viable product.

# Relation to Hyperledger

Probably would use Hyperledger Fabric for the blockchain and token transfers and Hyperledger Firefly or Sawtooth for the NFTs.

# Education Level

# Skills

Some parts require blockchain, NFT, python, or machine learning skills.

# Future plans

Develop each part of the project into an integral part of an alternative Web 3 community.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
