1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2019 Projects](2019-Projects_21954613.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Implementation of Service Level Agreement Management feature using Hyperledger Fabric

Created by vipin rathi, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 22, 2019

**Title**Enabling Service Level Agreement Management with Hyperledger**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM   

# Description

Service Level Agreement Management is one of the most promising areas for blockchain use cases. This project will accelerate the development of blockchain-based solutions to cross-industry SLA Management problems. The elaboration of software artifacts can lead to the realization of ground ideas currently exchanged in the Telecom industry towards the utility of blockchain in the processes associated with SLA management. SLA management is a critical issue in the telecom industry. In general, operators would like to realize flexible and dynamic agreements involving different networking assets (e.g., bandwidth, peering, Roaming). Blockchain stands as one of the opportune means to realize such agreements, as long as the proper manners to perform them be enabled by programmable network infrastructures. Using Hyperledger Fabric, We can solve this problem by writing the SLA Chaincode and all involved entities will be connected to the permissioned blockchain. Also, all involved parties get to know which entity has breached the SLA and every transaction can be explored by each party using Hyperledger Explorer. Therefore, this proposal aims to create software artifacts that enable SLA management among telecom operators utilizing blockchain, in specific, smart contracts.

# Additional Information

In this proposal, the candidate will code a software platform on top of blockchain to realize distributed applications, which realize SLA management processes involving connectivity assets from Software Defined Networks (SDNs) and Master Service Orchestrator.

# Learning Objectives

The intern will learn the following:

- Participating and contributing to an open source project.
- Collaborating with other developers over common open source communication and collaboration tools.
- Understanding how SLAs can be realized by blockchain platforms
- Enabling smart contracts to realize SLAs among telecom operators
- Designing, prototyping and testing distributed applications to interface network controllers and blockchain.

# Expected Outcome

The intern will join the  meetings, mailing list, and chat room in developing the following:

- Proof of concept with source code, scripts and documentation elaborating a use case for SLA management among network controllers in different administrative domains
- Demonstrate a set of experiments realizing SLA management processes.

# Relation to Hyperledger

The project mainly focuses on Hyperledger Fabric and Hyperledger Explorer to get the advantage of permissioned Blockchain while dealing with multiple parties in business applications. The project will also showcase how Hyperledger projects can be utilized to enable an important Telecom use case.

# Education Level

This internship project does not require any specific level of education, however the skills listed below demand familiarity with Blockchain, Networking and SDN concepts, mainly provided in graduate courses.

# Skills

- Familiarity with Blockchain(Hyperledger)
- Experience with Node.js, AngularJS
- Familiarity with the SDN concepts.
- Knowledge of the programming/scripting language such as Python.
- Be a proactive and self-learner, comfortable with dynamic/asynchronous e-mails and exchange of ideas.

# Future plans

Once the SLA management artifacts exist, the Telecom SIG can elaborate and develop its ideas in the solid ground work of running code. Ideally, different use cases proposed in the Telecom SIG would have a reference manner of implementation and proof-of-concept well documented.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Interns required full-time commence of 40 hrs in week and total duration include 12 weeks or Part-time commence of 20 hrs in week and total duration include 24 weeks.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Vipin Rathi, &lt;[vipin68\_scs@jnu.ac.in](mailto:vipin68_scs@jnu.ac.in)&gt;, University of Delhi

Raphael Vicente Rosa &lt;[raphaelvrosa@gmail.com](mailto:raphaelvrosa@gmail.com)&gt;, University of Campinas

Vinay Chaudhary &lt;[vcteotia@gmail.com](mailto:vcteotia@gmail.com)&gt;

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
