1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2023 Projects](2023-Projects_21954865.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Improvements in HLF-Connector, Hardening the production readiness aspects

Created by Aditya Joshi, last modified by Min Yu on Feb 01, 2024

**Project Title**Improvement in HLF-Connector, Hardening the production readiness aspects**Status**

INCOMPLETE

**Primary Focus**

CODING   

# Description

The HLF-Connector is a project within the Hyperledger Labs community that provides a way to connect to and interact with Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain Networks from external applications using REST APIs &amp; Kafka based Topics. This connector acts as a gateway between Fabric and non-Fabric applications, allowing external applications to securely read and write data to the Fabric blockchain through both synchronous and asynchronous modes of interaction. HLF-Connector provides a convenient and flexible way to integrate Fabric blockchain networks into external applications, allowing developers to build robust and secure decentralized applications that can interact with the Fabric network. 

# Learning Objectives

- Understand Hyperledger Fabric conceptually.
- Learn enterprise integrations for practical usage of blockchain technology.
- Become proficient in micro-service development.
- Design API interfaces and work to scale by handling asynchronous interfaces.
- Learn open source processes.
- Work closely with community experts.

# Expected Outcome

- Design and implement new features in the connector.
- Updating the usage documentation.

# Objective

1. E2E test suite for connector.
2. JMS Queue listener serial transaction processing.
3. Support for DLQ (Dead Letter Queue)
4. Allow retry for transactions - REST API
5. Support chaincode endorsement policy while chaincode approval and commit.
6. Structured logging
7. Usage Documentation

# Relation to Hyperledger

The project is a connector to interact with the Hyperledger Fabric network.

HLF-Connector, [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hlf-connector](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hlf-connector)

Hyperledger Fabric,  [https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric)

# Education Level

Undergraduate / Graduate with relevant background in computer programming.

# Mentee Skills

Must

- Experience working with Java programming language.
- Blockchain fundamentals and specifically any experience with Hyperledger Fabric.

Good to have

- Springboot framework exposure.
- Java Messaging service (JMS), Kafka
- Container technologies - Image creation, Orchestration etc.

# Future plans

support and maintain the HLF-Connector with new features and security updates.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Nithin Pankaj, [n](mailto:a.alsalih2@gmail.com)[ithin.pankaj@walmart.com](mailto:ithin.pankaj@walmart.com) , Discord: 

Aditya Joshi, [aditya.joshi@walmart.com](mailto:aditya.joshi@walmart.com) , Discord: adityajoshi#9707

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
