1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Industry Research, Alignment, and Business Strategy - Mediverseapp.com

Created by Mike Pica, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**Industry Research, Alignment, and Business Strategy - [Mediverseapp.com](http://Mediverseapp.com)**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM   

# Description

[Mediverseapp.com](http://Mediverseapp.com) is a startup with the goal of providing an overview of blockchain and web3 implementation in healthcare. The mentee will assist in collating project information, developing relationships, helping align the industry, and building a business strategy. It's a great opportunity for someone to understand the healthcare landscape, starting a business, blockchain technology, and current projects before making a decision on what to work on. 

# Additional Information

mediverseapp.com

# Learning Objectives

Understanding the practical use of all Hyperledger and other blockchain technologies in the healthcare industry. Developing a mental framework for how products get used by businesses and what is most valuable vs. what developers sometimes think is valuable. Often people continue working on something that they started for their career, this project provides a method to make an informed decision.

Project provides learnings for how to build a startup and develop a business strategy. It also provides an opportunity to build relationships and find product-market fit. Mentee will learn how organizations and people think and make decisions.

# Expected Outcome

Google Analytics for site visits, number of projects listed on site, subscriptions, and monetization

# Relation to Hyperledger

Mentee will work on learning all Hyperledger projects and providing feedback on their implementation in live use-cases. Understanding projects from a business perspective is invaluable for developers and the mentee can help the Hyperledger development strategy.

# Education Level

# Skills

Understanding the basics of blockchain technology, the ability to develop relationships, and business strategies.

# Future plans

Mediverse App will continue after the project. Mentee can continue part-time as a contributor after the internship ends and have the potential to make recurring income - even if their future contribution is minimal post internship.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

12 week full time is preferred but part-time does work. Flexible.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Mike Pica

mike@mediverseapp.com

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
