1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Mbeche Decentralised Value Chain

Created by Xolani Andile Ngcana, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**Mbeche Decentralized Value Chain**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

LOW MEDIUM  HIGH

# Description

*Mbeche is a decentralized monetary value exchange dApp with an added decentralized marketplace. Decentralized value is what we bring, we cater for the LSM(Lower Segmented Markets), the unbanked, the Tuck-shop owner, the Salon owner, the Tavern owner, Carwash owner, the Taxi driver and the Informal Traders. Mbeche is a peer to peer digital monetary value chain. Mbeche empowers the economical disenfranchised masses to participate and grow, their monetary value in an ever evolving technocratic system. Mbeche provides a decentralised marketplace where registered and verified vendors can sell there goods and/or services to user/customers willing to buy their goods and/or services of value. We aim to increase cryptocurrency/blockchain adoption*

# Additional Information

www.ankhnegus.africa

# Learning Objectives

Web dApp Interface 

Enabling deposits and withdrawals.

Enabling a web wallet browser to interact with our dApp.

*API integration.*

Buy and Sells products and/or services.

# Expected Outcome

*Decentralized money transfers*  
*Remittance advise*  
*Decentralized digital marketplace and services*  
*Digital &amp; physical deposits*  
*ATM &amp; 3rd party Withdrawals*

*P2P mobile payments  
Bill payment(Utilities, Airtime, Data, Retailer)  
Deposits and withdrawals  
AI support services  
Undocking(Offline system cache)  
Split payments  
Multichannel E-commerce platform(3rd party agents and Retailers)*

# Relation to Hyperledger

Hyperledger fabric, Hyperledger besu, Hyperledger Indy.

# Education Level

Non recurred.

# Skills

Web Architecture.

PHP

HTML and CSS.

BackEnd Development Languages.

Solidity, Python, C++, Go, Rust, Node.js, ChainCode, React, Rest.

JavaScript.

Git and GitHub.

Database Management Systems.

Fundamentals of Designs.

# Future plans

*We at Ankh Negus will be working with the Tuck-shop owner, the Salon owner, the Tavern owner, Carwash owner, the Taxi driver and the Informal Traders. With our platform our users will be able to pay utilities like electricity bills, buy airtime and data and pay any retail fee.*

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

Full-time (40 hours per week during the Summer)

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Arun Prakash Jothimani

Daniel Krook

Joshua Fernandes

Rohit Lodha

Sanjeev Gupta

Sara Rouhani

Tong Li

Yan Yang

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
