1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : One-stop shop for all-things Hyperledger

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified by Min Yu on Dec 19, 2022

**Project Title**Improve User Experience - From Getting Started With Hyperledger To Continuous Engagement**Status**

COMPLETED

**Difficulty**

LOW MEDIUM   

# Description

Hyperledger India Chapter started with the [https://start-here.hyperledger.org](https://start-here.hyperledger.org) to help new developers look for contribution opportunities. The tool provides an option to see through a list of all "Good First Issues", "Open PRs" and "Releases".

The requirement, in this proposal, is to extend or improve the website to include - role-based navigation (eg. Developer, Business User, Contributor, etc) to information. The process will involve adding easy to access links or information for project documentation, community contribution guidelines, guiding (new &amp; experienced) users towards how to start &amp; what tasks require contribution, informing the latest happenings within the community (i.e. figuring out available events and meetups), and Calendar(s). The cherry on top of it would be to have navigations defined for different users and search capability.

The task would start with the survey on what somebody looks for within the community, understand what troubles them. The project is aimed at providing an improved user experience.

# Additional Information

[https://start-here.hyperledger.org/](https://start-here.hyperledger.org/)

# Learning Objectives

- Design-thinking and building the product through user research.
- Learn Hyperledger eco-system.
- Learn open-source collaboration, learn tools and services can supplement.
- Learn the Agile way of working.

# Expected Outcome

- Dashboard and the landing page for driving the user engagement.
- Ability to search events and happenings within the Hyperledger community.
- Find out all things project information from the user engagement portal.

# Relation to Hyperledger

The project is intended to increase the Hyperledger Foundation's community engagement experience. It is overarching for all of the projects and labs at Hyperledger.

# Education Level

- Undergraduate or Any

# Skills

- User experience design.
- HTML, CSS, Material UI.
- JavaScript.
- Go Lang.
- Git, Markdown.
- React framework would be added advantage.

# Future plans

Continue improving the community engagement with Hyperledger Foundation. Provide assistance for anything that they are looking for.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

- 40 hours/week full-time for 12 weeks.
- 20 hours/week part-time for 24 weeks.

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Arun S M, arun.s.m.cse@gmail.com, arsulegai#7968

Kamlesh Nagware, kamlesh.nagware@gmail.com, knagware#6976

Vikram Sharma, vikram13sharma@gmail.com, Sharmawiki#1283

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
