1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2023 Projects](2023-Projects_21954865.html)
5. [Learning Tokens @ Hyperledger Besu](Learning-Tokens-@-Hyperledger-Besu_21954887.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Program

Created by Alfonso Govela, last modified by piash tanjin on Dec 08, 2023

## **Abstract**

## **Mentor and Mentee**

Mentor: Alfonso Govela

Timezone: Mexico Time (GMT-6)

Whatsapp: +52 984 1000 109

Mentee: Tanjin Alam

Timezone: BST, Bangladesh Standard Time, GMT+6

Official repository for this project: [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/learning-tokens](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/learning-tokens)

## **Deliverables**

- Type your task here, using "@" to assign to a user and "//" to select a due date

## **Milestones**

### **Evaluation 1:**

- Planning

**Evaluation 2:**

- Deploy the artifacts developed by last year mentee

**Evaluation 3:**

- Streamline the MOOCs assessment process

**Evaluation 4:**

- Use our tokens in a specific use case
- intructor establish a rubrik, gives tokens, learner receive tokens, tokens are like grades

## **Program**

**Week** 

**Dates**

**Activity**

**Status**

0

6/12/23

Mentee &amp; mentor get introduced. mentee get the Introduction to the concepts of Learning Token.

1

6/19/23

We just made an initial plan on how we will conduct our work and figured as following

- Implement the artifacts using hyperledger besu.
- Discuss about how we can facilitate massive open MOOCs or small private SPOCs with the learning tokens.
- Figure out a way to streamline MOOCs assessment with a simple way so that the instructor can facilitate learners with the learning tokens.

Apart from this, the following things were mentor suggestions, and we shall have those

- Write, deploy, and test the smart contracts. Create a basic user interface to interact with them.
- Define how learning tokens can support the crafting of assessments, their grading policies, while promoting communities of learning.

<!--THE END-->

2

6/26/23

Had the first introductory meeting with GBBC

- Meeting with Global Blockchain Business Council, GBBC, InterWork Alliance, IWA, to define focal point and procedure for integration of Learnint Tokens to the Token Taxonomy Framework, TTF
- Meeting with previous 2022 mentee to review and understand the artifacts created in last year mentorship.

We concluded our meeting by saying that after we have done with the artifacts implementation into smart contracts and finalized the artifacts, we will make a pull request to the TTF Github repository.

 

 

**Fase 2. The Tool**

**Implement the artifacts defined by last year's mentee using Hyperledger Besu.**

**Write, deploy, and test the smart contracts. Create a basic user interface to interact with them.**

3

7/4/23

Private Session No.3

\- Define the system

\- Set up the development environment

4

7/10/23

Private Session No.4

\- Assist July 18 to meeting of the IWA´s CET taskforce, to see how the working groups operate and ultimately come to agreed-upon token definitions and workflows

\- Write and deploy the smart contracts

5

7/17/23

**Public Session No. 1, Tuesday July 18 @ 10am UST-6**

\- Invite all non selected applicants that wish to collaborate.

\- Invite TOC Documentation Task Force members interested in this project.

\- Invite Hyperledger Regional Chapters.

\- Presentation of goals and calendar of the project, Learning Tokens @ Besu.

\- Dialogue and review of potential collaborations.

6

7/24/23

Private Session No.5

\- Write and deploy the smart contracts using remix colud enviroment

7

7/31/23

Private Session No.6

\- Write and deploy the smart contracts using hardhat pre-setup local enviroment

8

8/7/23

Private Session No.7

\- Create a user interface to interact with the smart contract for instructor, institution &amp; learner.

9

8/14/23

Private Session No.8

\- Test user interface with all types of entity with local enviroment .

10

8/21/23

Public Session No. 2, Tuesday August 22 @ 10am UST-6

\- Present results

\- Dialogue &amp; proposals

 

 

**Fase 3. The Environment**

**Discuss about how we can facilitate MOOCS with the Learning Tokens.**

**Figure out a way to streamline MOOCs assessment with a simple way so that the instructor can facilitate learners with the learning tokens.**

**Understand the way Online Courses, both masive open MOOCs or small private SPOCs, assess and grade skill-acquisition.**

**Define how learning tokens can support the crafting of assessments, their grading policies, while promoting communities of learning.**

**Identify roles and interactions of institution, instructors, courses, and learners. Link online course’s graders to learning token’s minting and transfer to personal Skill Wallets.**

11

8/28/23

Private Session No.9

\- understand MOOCs and their assessment processes

\- restructure the learning token to support MOOCs and their assessment process

12

9/4/23

Private Session No.10

\- build interface between MOOC´s assessment process and Learning Tokens

\- Test user interface with all types of entitiy

13

9/11/23

Private Session No.11

\- Deployed Learning token on quorum quickstart hyperledger besu local enviroment

\- Setup local blockchain explorer (Serato) for tracking and check the token transfer 

\- Simuate the entire process from creating token to distribution &amp; importing the token from learners wallet. 

14

9/18/23

Private Session No.12

\- Discussion for adding Grading evalution sheet per course.

\- Creating all the diagram for smart contract funtional interaction &amp; entity visualization.

15

9/25/23

We did not have it.

16

10/2/23

Private Session No.13

\- Discussion about Token Taxonomy Farmwork. 

\- Re-writing token clasification , base type, behaviors.

17

10/9/23

Private Session No.14

\- Discussion &amp; agreed about oracle of learning token.

\- Defining generic token template for all types of token distribution.

 

 

**Fase 4. The Pilot**

**Conduct a Pilot Project to test and validate the mentorship results.**

18

10/16/23

Private Session No.15

\- Dicussion about the meeting we had with world calisthenics organization. 

\- Agreen on the point how the pilot project will be conducted.

19

10/23/23

Private Session No.16

\- Re-structre the fonted for pilot project.

\- Deploy the smart contract on polygon testnet for pilot.

20

10/30/23

We did not have it

21

11/6/23

Private Session No.17

\- Deploy the entire pilot project fronted &amp; backend on cloud infrastructure(AWS)

22

11/13/23

Private Session No.18

\- Discussion about the pre-requiste infromaton that we need from world calisthenics organization for executing the pilot. 

23

11/20/23

Private Session No.19

\- Discussion about how the onboarding of the institution , instructure &amp; learner will happen.

\- Introducing world calisthenics organization's instructor how they will interact with our platform to complete the pilot.

25

11/27/23

We did not have this meeting.

25

12/2/23

Private Session No.18

\- discussion final deliverables documentation.

\- discussion about final project presentation.

26

12/14/23

Public Session No. 3, December 14  @ 10am UST-6

## **Artifacts of deliverables :**

1. Pilot Project Medium Post  : [Medium URL](https://medium.com/@piash.tanjin/technical-overview-of-pilot-project-with-wco-using-hyperledger-learning-token-28cbac3b188d)
2. Learning Token Repositroy URL: [Github URL](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/learning-tokens)
3. Token Taxinomy Repositroy UR:  [Github URL](https://github.com/InterWorkAlliance/TokenTaxonomyFramework)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
