1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)
5. [Hyperleger Cactus and Hedera Hashgraph Integration](Hyperleger-Cactus-and-Hedera-Hashgraph-Integration_21954808.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project-plan

Created by Danno Ferrin, last modified by Jande Vincent on Jul 13, 2022

# Overview

The main goal of the project is to create a documented Hedera Hashgraph package for the Cactus project, which demonstrates the interoperability between Hedera and Cactus. The documentation will benefit the community so that people can understand this project.

## Mentor and Mentee

Mentor

Mentor

Mentor

Mentee

Danno Ferrin

MDT (UTC-6)

[danno.ferrin@gmail.com](mailto:danno.ferrin@gmail.com)

Peter Somogyvari

PDT (UTC-7)

[peter.somogyvari@accenture.com](mailto:peter.somogyvari@accenture.com)

**Si Chen** (Open Source Strategies, Hyperledger Climate SIG)

Discord: Si Chen#0557

[sichen@opensourcestrategies.com](mailto:sichen@opensourcestrategies.com)

Jande Vincent Shater

WAT (GMT +1)

[janvinsha@gmail.com](mailto:janvinsha@gmail.com)

Communication channel: Discord

**Project repo:** 

[https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus](https://github.com/hyperledger/cactus)

[https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-sdk-js](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-sdk-js)

# Project Plan

**Schedule**

**Task**

**Deliverable**

Week 1 - Week 3

Jun 1 - Jun 24

**Jun 18: 1st Quarter Evaluation**

- Build Cactus.
- Build and run one cactus example
- Complete Hedera "[Getting Started](https://docs.hedera.com/guides/getting-started)" in JS
- Start the Hedera and Cactus integration.

<!--THE END-->

- Project Plan.
- Skeleton for Hedera and Cactus integration.

Week 3 - Week 6

June 25 - July 13

**July 13: Midterm Quarter Evaluation**

- AIO Hedera image creation
- Developing the Hedera plugin and writing tests

<!--THE END-->

- ~50% of the Hedera and Cactus integration package.

Week 6 - Week 9

July 14 - August 3

**Aug 3: 3rd Quarter Evaluation**

- Developing the Hedera plugin and writing tests
- Write documentation.
- Example of Hedera and another DLT integration.

<!--THE END-->

- Technical documentation for the package.
- Completed package for Hedera and Cactus integration.
- Example of Hedera and another DLT integration.

Week 9 - Week 12

Aug 4 - Aug 24

**Aug 24-31: Final Evaluation**

- Wrap up documentation.
- Final report of the project.
- Final presentation of the project

<!--THE END-->

- Code for unit tests and integration tests. *
- Technical documentation for the entire project.
- Final report.
- Final presentation.

\* Will wrap up all codes-relevant stuff by Aug 5.

# Timeline

Week

Task

Weekly Slide

**1 (Jun 1 - Jun 10)**

- Attend onboard meeting
- Read the project wiki page

[W1 Slide.pdf](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/21959109/Hyperledger%20Mentorship%20Onboarding%202022%20%281%29.pdf?version=1&modificationDate=1655880510000&api=v2)

**2 (Jun 11 - Jun 17)**

- Set up environment
- Build Cactus
- Project Plan
- Complete Hedera "[Getting Started](https://docs.hedera.com/guides/getting-started)" in JS

**3 (Jun 18 - Jun 24)**

4 (Jun 25- Jul 1)

5 (Jul 2 - Jul 8)**Danno is Out of Office**

6 (Jul 9 - Jul 15)

7 (Jul 16 - Jul 22)

8 (Jul 23 - Jul 29)

9 (Jul 30 - Aug 5)

10 (Aug 6 - Aug 12)

11 (Aug 13 - Aug 19)

20 (Aug 20 - Aug 3)

# Process

- Communication and updates:
- - Discord and github are used as tools.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
