1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2024 Projects](2024-Projects_21954934.html)
5. [Learning Tokens for Hyperledger Community Building](Learning-Tokens-for-Hyperledger-Community-Building_21954968.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Learning Tokens for Hyperledger Community Building

Created by Khairul Hasan, last modified on Jun 24, 2024

## **Abstract** Learning Tokens encapsulate the value and rights associated with knowledge transmission. In a network society, education serves as the cornerstone for developing human capacities and transforming minds. Diverse learning environments promote self-regulated activities that collaboratively build wisdom. However, the growing body of knowledge, skills, attitudes, and values necessitates continuous understanding to enhance human lives and labor markets. The Skills-first initiative, discussed herein, offers a common foundation for this purpose, while the tokenization of learning introduces a crucial currency of expertise. **Mentor and Mentee**

Mentors: Alfonso Govela, Tanjin Alam  
Timezone: Merida, Mexico ( UTC - 6 ) and Bangladesh ( UTC + 6 )  
Mentee: Khairul Hasan  
Timezone: Bangladesh ( UTC + 6 )

**Project Repo**: [Learning Token](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/learning-tokens)

## **Deliverables**

- Creation of Templates for Scoring Guides.
- API integration with third-party services: Meetup, Zoom, Youtube
- Redefinition of Smart Contracts, if needed.
- Documentation of alternatives, implications, and guidelines for Governance.
- Create HD Skill Wallets for all Learning Tokens stakeholders using Kaleido’s infrastructure.
- Establish the communication between third-party services and our Learning Tokens ecosystem.
  

## **Milestones**

**Eval 1:** 

- Creation of Templates for Scoring Guides.
- API integration with third-party services
- Redefinition of Smart Contracts, if needed.

**Eval 2:**

- Documentation of alternatives, implications, and guidelines for Governance.

**Eval 3:**

- Create HD Skill Wallets for all Learning Tokens stakeholders using Kaleido’s infrastructure.
- Establish the communication between third-party services and our Learning Tokens ecosystem.

## **Timeline**

**Week**Task/PlanStatus**June 03 - June 14**On boarding/orientation sessions. Meet with the mentors, discuss project implementation details, deliverables and scope. Prepare the project plan.  
**June 15 - June 30**

Meetings with interested stakeholders to understand and document their requirements

**July 01 - July 15**

Creation of Templates for Scoring guides

**July 16 - July 31**

API integration with third-party services

**August 01 - August 15**

Working on the redefinition of Smart Contracts, if needed.

**August 16 - August 31**

Preparing and Representing Second Webinar to present Oracles, Scoring Guides, and API integrations.

**September 01 - September - 07**

Recommendations for reliance and robustness of our source of trust

**September 08 - September - 15**

Interview with potential market stakeholders, some of them members of Hyperledger Foundation and others who have already manifested interest.

**September 16 - September - 23**

Documentation of alternatives, implications, and guidelines for Governance.

**September 24 - September - 30**

Third Webinar to present guidelines for Governance.

**October 01 - October 15**

Continuing consultation already started with 

- ID SIG and Hyperledger Community
- Open Wallet Foundation
- Kaleido
- MIT Digital Credentials Consortium

**October 16 - October 31**

Create HD Skill Wallets for all Learning Tokens stakeholders using Kaleido’s infrastructure.

**November 01 - November 15**

Establish the communication between third-party services and our Learning Tokens ecosystem.

**November 16 - November 30**

Fourth Webinar to present Skill Wallets.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
