1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2020 Projects](2020-Projects_21963347.html)
5. [Ease endorsement operations for Hyperledger based products (EasyDoser)](21954688.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan and Proposal

Created by Abhimanyu Shekhawat, last modified on Nov 13, 2020

**Problem Statement:-**

- There are two levels of endorsement policy that acts on a chaincode, channel(namespace) level, and key(collection) level.
- When there are too many channels and collections it gets hard to manage all the data entities and knowing who has access to what.

**Solution:-** 

A tool that helps to query and modifying policies with relative ease.

The project can be found at 

[https://github.com/maniankara/hyperledger-easydoser](https://github.com/maniankara/hyperledger-easydoser)

Information about the project’s weekly updates are being updated at

[https://github.com/maniankara/hyperledger-easydoser/blob/master/project\_status.md](https://github.com/maniankara/hyperledger-easydoser/blob/master/project_status.md)

**Deliverable:-**

1. Milestone 1:-
2. - A web UI to pick the required keys and certificates.
   - Show policies of all the channels that a peer/owner/admin is part of.
   - Representing policies of different organizations in a bifurcated manner.
   - Updating documentation.
3. Milestone 2:-
4. - Querying and displaying endorsement policies of private collections.
   - Query and show chaincode's endorsement policy.
   - Approving, checking, and modifying endorsement policies and private collection of chain code.
   - Updated Web-UI as per the newly added features.
   - Updating documentation.
5. Milestone 3:-
6. - Writing build tests for EasyDoser.
   - Making EasyDoser Compatible with Docker.
   - Pushing all the errors to the frontend.
   - Giving users the choice to run the project with or without docker.
   - Added tests for the Golang server.
   - Updating the documentation.
7. Milestone 4:-
   
   - Cleaning up the code and adding some finishing touches to the Web-UI.
   - Adding github action to create a new release with every bump in version.
   - Making a video demo of the whole project.
   - Writing a blogpost.
   - Finding future works for the project.

**End Product:-**

The end product will be an easy to use Web-UI where any user picks their keys and certificates and then gets to query and view all the endorsement policies (key level and namespace level) in a simplified and hierarchical manner. If the user is an admin, the user can modify channel policy definitions.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
