1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2020 Projects](2020-Projects_21963347.html)
5. [Operate and govern blockchain networks in decentralized way](21956120.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Operate and Govern Blockchain Networks in Decentralized Way

Created by Dixing Xu, last modified by Yuanmao Zhu on Jun 10, 2021

## Goals

Implement the new governing module with Cello.

## Deliverables

- User Dashboard RESTful APIs
- Implement features according to cello v1.0 design spec
- Documentation for newly implemented features

## Timeline

The tentative timeline is as follows:

Week

Deliverables

Week 1 - Week 6 

- Understanding Design Specifications (v1.0) of Blockchain Consortium governing with Cello
- Help to migrate the user dashboard.

Week 7 - Week 12

- Implement User Dashboard RESTful APIs (User, Network).
- Improve the current documentation.

Week 13 - Week 18

- Implement User Dashboard RESTful APIs (Channel, Node).
- Help with the issues raised on Github.

Week 19 - Week 24

- Test the workflow of the new governing module and fix possible bugs.
- Write down related documentations.

Newly designed features will be incorporated during the course of the mentorship program.

## Methodology

- The evaluation takes place on a quarterly basis according to the timeline.
- Work closely with mentors
  
  - Participate weekly zoom meeting
- Help building community
  
  - Answer questions on Github Issues, Wechat, Rocketchat, mailing list, etc.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
