1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2020 Projects](2020-Projects_21963347.html)
5. [Rework Data Model Tests of HL Iroha](Rework-Data-Model-Tests-of-HL-Iroha_21956266.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan- Reworking Data Model Tests

Created by Ashutosh Tiwari, last modified on Aug 04, 2020

**GOALS**

Reworked set of data model tests which can be used decoupled from current implementation.

**PROJECT SCOPE**

--&gt; Iroha API commands and queries

--&gt; Data Model Testing, using Google test framework

**DELIVERABLES**

- Researching the differences between the old Ametsuchi framework and the new Executor framework.
- Reworking tests for commands\[A-R] with the new framework.
- Reworking tests for commands\[R-S] with the new framework.
- Reworking set of queries with the new framework.
- Reworking tests for old Ametsuchi class.
- Final presentation/implementation

**MILESTONES**

- \[July 10] - Researching the differences between the old Ametsuchi framework and the new Executor framework.
- \[Aug 21] - Reworking tests for commands with the new framework.
- \[October 2] - Reworking set of command left &amp; queries with the new framework.
- \[Nov 13] - Reworking tests for old Ametsuchi class. Final presentation/implementation.

**EVALUATION CRITERIA**

Atleast one pull request every week, with progress closely monitored on meetings every Tuesday.

Fully functioning reworked set of data model tests that can be used for pluggable data modules.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
