1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2021 Projects](2021-Projects_21964295.html)
5. [Operate Blockchain Network in an Efficient Way](Operate-Blockchain-Network-in-an-Efficient-Way_21954719.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Operate Blockchain Network in an Efficient Way

Created by Yuanmao Zhu, last modified on Nov 22, 2021

# Project objectives

The main goal of the project is to design and implement the blockchain operation dashboard and API server, which helps users to operate and manage the blockchain network nodes without the blockchain background knowledge and can connect blockchain networks among multiple organizations.

# Milestones

A tentative schedule below. 

TimeTasks/PlanDeliverablesWeek 1 to Week 6

- Understand Cello User-Dashboard API Design and Docker Agent API.
- Look into the source code API-Engine Part.
- Set up the development environment and tools.

<!--THE END-->

- Project Plan 18 Jun 2021
- 1st Quarter Evaluation 09 Jul 2021

Week 7 to Week 12

- Connect agent and API engine.
- Help writing related documentation.

<!--THE END-->

- Complete connection between agent and API-engine. 20 Aug 2021
- Midterm Quater Evaluation. 20 Aug 2021

Week 13 to Week 18

- Implement channel part of API engine.
- Help writing related documentation.

<!--THE END-->

- Complete channel part of API engine 01 Oct 2021
- 3rd Quarter Evaluation 01 Oct 2021

Week 19 to Week 24

- Wrap up documentation.
- Demo what I did to the cello community.
- Final Project report

<!--THE END-->

- Code for testings. 12 Nov 2021
- Final Report.  17 Nov 2021
- Final Deni.  12 Nov 2021

# Methodology and Documentation

- Communication and updates
  
  - participate in weekly zoom meetings.
  - summarize weekly contributes and updates to the WeChat group.
  - emails
- Quarter basis review according to Hyperledger Internship Programme schedule.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:57

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
