1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2021 Projects](2021-Projects_21964295.html)
5. [Automated Testing for Climate Emissions Ledger](Automated-Testing-for-Climate-Emissions-Ledger_21954732.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Automated Testing for Climate Emissions Ledger

Created by Si Chen, last modified by hamid fazli on Jun 18, 2022

## **Abstract**

Develop automated testing framework for climate applications including the Fabric and Ethereum applications.  Improve test coverage by writing additional tests.  Integrate additional emissions calculators including the ThoughtWorks cloud carbon footprint calculator, the WRI GHG emissions spreadsheet, or the Allbirds emissions spreadsheet and add automated tests for them.

## **Mentor and Mentee**

MentorMentorMentorMentee

Si Chen

US PST

sichen@opensourcestrategies.com

Robin Klemens

CEST

r.klemens@yahoo.de

Kamlesh Nagware

IST

kamlesh.nagware@gmail.com

Harsh Sharma

IST

harshhsharma23@gmail.com

Communication channel: Email on the climate-sig mailing list + [Github Tasks](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/labels/mentorship-testing)

**Project repository:** [https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/tree/mentorship-automated-testing](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/tree/mentorship-automated-testing)

## **Deliverables**

- 1 Structure tests into unit, integration, and functional.  Get all existing tests to work.
- 2 Integrate tests into GitHub actions pipeline to run on every push to the master branch.
- 3 Develop additional tests and end-to-end tests.
- 4 Refactor code to calculate scope 3 emissions factors.
- 5 Migrate emissions factor data to OrbitDB instead of CouchDB

## **Milestones**

**Eval 1:**

- a All existing tests are working and organized into unit, integration, and functional
- b Tests integrated into GitHub actions pipeline.

**Eval 2:**

- c Linting and static code analysis integrated with GitHub actions
- d HTML test reports generated for every CI run

**Eval 3:**

- e. CI for Net Emissions Token Network and Datalock chaincode tests
- f. Tests added for calculating emissions by year and region

**Eval 4:**

- g. Modify data loader to accept scope 3 emissions factors flat file
- h. Use OrbitDB for emissions calculations

## **Timeline**

WeekTask/PlanStatus**Sep 1 - Sep 5**Initial Project Plan.Complete**Sep 6 - Sep 20**Introduction to project.  Download the code from [the branch](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/tree/mentorship-automated-testing) and get familiar with the code.  Learn the key functionalities of Hyperledger Fabric.  Structure the already existing tests in unit, integration, and functional.  Get the [existing tests to work](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/issues/80) and check the [emissions factors are retrieved for correct year](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-carbon-accounting/issues/190).Complete**Sep 27 - Oct 4**Integrate the existing tests into GitHub Actions Pipeline, which gets triggered by every PR and Push to the master branch.  Complete**Oct 4 - Oct 15**

Wrap up all tasks prior to Eval 1

Eval 1 on October 15

**Oct 18 - Nov 1**Add linting and static code analysis checks into the GitHub Actions Pipeline

Complete

**Nov 1 - Nov 15**Create test reports for every pull requestComplete**Nov 15 - Nov 29**Eval 2 on November 30  
**Nov 29 - Dec 13**Integrate existing tests for the Net Emissions Token Network and Datalock chaincode into the GitHub Actions PipelineComplete**Dec 13 - Dec 27**Add additional tests for emissions calculations by year and region, and for checking file integrity

Complete

**Dec 27 - Jan 10**Remove old chaincode files and change folder structureComplete**Jan 10 - Jan 24**Eval 3 on January 15  
**Jan 24 - Feb 7**

Add local development script to package and test chaincode locally

Complete**Feb 7 - Feb 21**

Modify data loader to parse scope 3 emissions file  
Migrate databases from CouchDB to OrbitDB for storing emissions factors  
Refactor chaincode to calculate emissions using OrbitDB

In Progress

**Feb 21 - Feb 28**

Final evaluation and presentation of project on February 28

## **Tasks**

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
