1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)
5. [Fabric-Ethereum token bridging](Fabric-Ethereum-token-bridging_21954829.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Fabric-Ethereum token bridging

Created by André Augusto, last modified on Sep 06, 2022

## **Mentors**

Name

Time zone

Email ID

### Imre Kocsis

CET[kocsis.imre@vik.bme.hu](mailto:kocsis.imre@vik.bme.hu)

### László Gönczy

CET[gonczy.laszlo@vik.bme.hu](mailto:gonczy.laszlo@vik.bme.hu)

**Mentee**

Name

Time zone

Email ID

### André Augusto

CET-1[andre.augusto@tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:andre.augusto@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)

**Mentorship GitHub repository:**  [https://github.com/AndreAugusto11/Fabric-Ethereum-token-bridging](https://github.com/AndreAugusto11/Fabric-Ethereum-token-bridging)

## **Deliverables**

- Report on existing bridging solutions
- Report on asset representation solutions and mapping between Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.
- Requirement Specification Document
- Design Specification Document
- Implementation of the Proof of Concept
- Final presentation

## **Merged PR's**

- **TBD**
- **Current version: [https://github.com/AndreAugusto11/cactus/tree/bridge-fabric-ethereum](https://github.com/AndreAugusto11/cactus/tree/bridge-fabric-ethereum)**

## **Final Project Presentation:**

- **TBD**

## **Timeline**

DoneWeekDatesTasks/PlanDeliverablesEvaluation✅1June 1 to  
June 12Mentee onboarding.  
Initiate research on Ethereum Token Standards.  
Understand the context of the problem and the use case already defined.  
\-✅2June 13 to  
June 19Research on existing token bridging solutions.Report on existing bridging solutions and their applicability to the use case.-✅3June 20 to  
June 26Research on asset representation solutions and how they can be applied to Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.Report on asset representation solutions and mapping between Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.1st Quarter Evaluation✅4June 27 to  
July 3Understand the requirements of the use case, and if Hyperledger Cactus fits the implementation platform requirements.Requirement Specification Document.-✅5July 4 to  
July 10Design a solution for the problem and identify the different components.Design Specification Document.-✅6July 11 to  
July 17Introduction to development platform and necessary tools for the implementation.  
Midterm Evaluation✅7July 18 to  
July 24Start solution implementation.  
\-✅8July 25 to  
July 31Solution implementation.  
\-✅9August 1 to  
August 7Solution implementation.  
3rd Quarter Evaluation✅10August 8 to  
August 14Solution implementation.  
\-✅11August 15 to  
August 21Enhancements to the implementation (e.g., work on other token standards).Implementation of the Proof of Concept-✅12August 22 to  
August 28Work on a demo to present the project.Demo for the final presentation of the projectFinal Evaluation

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
