1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2021 Projects](2021-Projects_21964295.html)
5. [Hyperledger Fabric - Hyperledger Aries Integration to support Fabric as Blockchain ledger](Hyperledger-Fabric---Hyperledger-Aries-Integration-to-support-Fabric-as-Blockchain-ledger_21956909.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Hyperledger Fabric - Hyperledger Aries Integration to support Fabric as Blockchain ledger

Created by kamlesh nagware, last modified by Muhammad Irfan on Aug 17, 2023

- Hyperledger fabric integration with Aries - Fabric Chaincode to support DIDComm methods and modify Aries SDK to call fabric chaincode

## **Mentor and Mentee**

MentorMentee

Kamlesh Nagware

kamlesh.nagware@snapperfuturetech.com

Harsh Multani

harsh1multani@gmail.com

Communication channel: Email 

**Project repo:**  

## **Deliverables**

- 1  Requirement understanding &amp; Design
- 2  Fabric chaincode to accept Aries DIDComm method call from fabric SDK.
- 3 Invoke chaincode from Aries SDK. Modify Aries SDK to invoke  fabric chaincode
- 4 End-to-End testing

## **Milestones**

**Eval 1:**

- a      Writing Chaincode (4 smart contracts in 1 chaincode)
- b      Calling chaincode from standalone application

**Eval 2:**

- c      Standalone application that calls aries/indy which then calls fabric network

**Eval 3:**

- d.     Integrating application code in aries/indy which then calls fabric network

**Eval 4:**

- e.    Test cases using Fabric
- f.     Issuance and Verification demo using Fabric

## **Timeline**

Week

Task/Plan

Status

Week

Task/Plan

Status

**May 24 - May 28**

- Analyze and document the plan

Done**May 31 - June 11**

- Connect with Aries Javascript team and discuss on the initial plan

Done**June 14 - June 25**

- Write chaincode (1 smart contract for 4 transactions)
- Code classes for 4 Transactions - Nym, Attrib, Schema, Credential Definition.
- Write Chaincode that creates and retrieves the 4 transactions.
- Write Client application that sets up an organization and allows it to interact with the chaincode deployed in fabric network.

Done

Done

Done

Done

**June 28 - July 2**

- Standalone application that calls chaincode inside fabric network
- Add functionalities to Update and Delete the transaction.
- Make the payloads similar to what AFJ exchanges with Indy

Done

Done

Done

**July 5 - July 9**

- Documentation of id and payload that would go inside the fabric network.

Eval 1

Done

**July 12 - July 23**

- Design and Code connection to Fabric from AFJ
- Discussion on design from where connection to Fabric should happen from AFJ
- Initialize Connection to Fabric from AFJ

Done

Done

Done

**July 26 - August 6**

- Integrate client application code with AFJ.
- Code functionality to create / read transaction to / from fabric through AFJ.

Done

Done

**August 9 - August 13**

- Test Schema transaction from AFJ to Fabric Network
- Implement and test creation and retrieval of Schema from fabric as a Ledger

Done

Done

**August 16 - August 27**

- Test Nym and Credential definition transaction from AFJ to Fabric Network.
- Implement and Test creation and retrieval of did and cred def from fabric as a ledger

Eval 2

Done

Done

**August 30 - Sept 3**

- Write Test cases that supports Fabric as a ledger
- Write Test Cases That would test functionality of schema, cred def and did doc

Done**Sept 6 - Sept 17**

- Create a Documentation that has steps for running the demo with Fabric and Indy

Done**Sept 20 - 24**

**Sept 27 - Oct 1**

Eval 3

**Oct 4 - Oct 15**

**Oct 18 - Oct 29**

- Create a Demo of Issuance and Verification through AFJ and Indy as a Ledger

Done**Nov 1 - Nov 5**

- Create a Demo of Issuance and Verification through AFJ and Fabric as a Ledger

In progress**Nov 8 - Nov 12**

- Create a Presentation of the project

Eval 4

Final evaluation and presentation of project 

In Progress

## **Methodology**

A chaincode was written that would interact with Fabric. It consists of transactions - Nym, Schema, Credential Definition.

A wrapper is written in AFJ that would interact with this chaincode and exercise the necessary transactions.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:57

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
