1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Proposal for Educational Play to Earn Game for Hyperledger

Created by Hena Venugopal, last modified by Min Yu on Mar 24, 2022

**Project Title**Educational Play to Earn Games  on Hyperledger for Enterprises**Status**

UNSELECTED

**Difficulty**

MEDIUM  HIGH

# Description

**Background:**

Education and Gaming goes hand in hand, where we can make learning a more fun experience! If it combines the innovative Blockchain token-based gaming education, that will be the perfect solution. This can be used in any DLT curriculum for enterprises, offices or universities, schools.

**Description:**

The Play to Earn Learning Game Project will use Hyperledger Fabric chain and related token SDK to set up. We can implement DLT functionalities of tokenization and chain code (smart contracts) to apply governance and rules to the game. This also helps us track the ownership of tokens.

The game will be used for teaching some of the DLT concepts like hash, finding lowest hash by adding difficulty scores, private key public key encryption, teach transaction block exploration and tokenization concepts on a fun way.

**Features:**

- Play and Earn Mode
- UI with ability for user to logon and choose the curriculum
- Tracking state management and credentials
- Wallet integration
- Endorsing Credentials/Certificates
- Separate NFT Marketplace providing a place to publish and trade your NFTs.

# Additional Information

# Learning Objectives

This project should enable the mentee to learn and document the design patterns of DLT gaming space related to writing chain code, wallet integration, Network Identity, tokenization and related best practices

# Expected Outcome

- Game Trailer or demo of the educational play to earn game
- A verifiable credential registry
- Proper test cases and documentation
- Codebase maintained with proper repository / read me document
- Documentation of Best Practices

 

# Relation to Hyperledger

Hyperledger chain and integration of token SDK solutions like FabToken for gaming and tokenization and state management. We could adjust the products features and adjust the development efforts depending on mentees skills/ availability.

MVP: Just saving credentials and certificate of completion to Ledger. Have APIs to view the individual or skill level pool available for enterprise

+1 Adding the interactive Games and Unity PlayMaker

+2 Adding the interactive Games and Unity /C#

+3 Adding VR or Metaverse environment.

+4 Cross Enterprise/Firms/Industry level

**Technology Design:**

- UI- Unity+ Angular/React JS (Compatibility of Unity with Angular JS, may need C# to make Rest API calls)
- Middleware / Rest API: NodejS (or spring boot Java) with REST API to call chain code from UI/Angular frontend
- Rest API-to call contract chain code functions \*NodeJS SDK for Rest API knowledge
- Chain code- DB-Couch DB/chain code setup-Go Lang – Couch DB Comes with Fabric
- Wallet analysis and Integration (Metamask)
- Deploy chain code to Hyperledger Fabric environment

# Education Level

Candidate is expected to have engineering background with skills on Blockchain Hyper ledger/Angular/React JS/ Node JS/Java/ Pluggable Token SDK/Unity/Unreal engine/ VR/XR

# Skills

Blockchain :HyperLedger Fabric  

Rest API: Node JS or Java

Tokenisation:Pluggable Token SDK

Frontend:Angular/React JS

Gaming: Unity/Unreal engine/C#/ VR/XR

# Future plans

**Cross enterprise HR module to tokenize Employee experience and ratings:**

1.Use Hyperledger to tokenize employee’s experience.

1. These tokens issued per employee can be accessed and shared as per the employees wish across corporations and will be used as reference check for experience.

# Preferred Hours and Length of Internship

40 hour * 12 weeks in summer Fulltime

# Mentor(s) Names and Contact Info

Hena Venugopal

[v\_hena@Yahoo.com](mailto:v_hena@Yahoo.com)

Telegram: @luxrelabs

[linkedin.com/in/hena-venugopal-73628a20](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hena-venugopal-73628a20)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
