1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2023 Projects](2023-Projects_21954865.html)
5. [Implement an SSA intermediate representation for the Solang compiler](Implement-an-SSA-intermediate-representation-for-the-Solang-compiler_21959311.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - SSA intermediate representation for the Solang compiler

Created by Guilherme Kowalczuk, last modified by Evan Zhao on Dec 18, 2023

# Implement an SSA intermediate representation for the Solang compiler

## Abstract

Solang is an open-source Solidity compiler written in Rust. It currently generates an intermediate representation in a Control Flow Graph (CFG) for each function in a Solidity contract during compilation. This project aims to implement a lower-level Static Single-Assignment (SSA) intermediate representation between the CFG and the LLVM-IR. The SSA representation will allow further optimizations during compilation, such as liveness analysis and partial redundancy elimination.

## Mentor and Mentee

Mentor: Lucas Steuernagel

Mentee: Fanyi Zhao

Fork of official repository for this project: &lt;[https://github.com/fanyi-zhao/solang](https://github.com/fanyi-zhao/solang)&gt;

## Deliverables

- The three-address code format: implement the data structure of the new three-address code format CFG.

<!--THE END-->

- The three-address code format: Implement a text dump function for the new CFG. (+ unit tests)

<!--THE END-->

- The three-address code format: Convert the old CFG into the new CFG of three-address codes. (+ unit tests)

<!--THE END-->

- Implement SSA: insert phi functions into the new CFG. (+ unit tests)

<!--THE END-->

- (Optional) Implement SSA: rename variables to generate SSA format. (+ unit tests)

## Milestones

From 15 Sep 2023 to 22 Dec 2023.

### Prepare

- 15 Sep 2023 - 20 Sep 2023 Learn Solidity syntax, Solang project structure, and Rust.

### Evaluation 1

Due date: October 20th

- 20 Sep 2023 - 29 Sep 2023 The three-address code format: define the data structure of the new three-address code format CFG.
- 02 Oct 2023 - 11 Oct 2023 The three-address code format: Implement a text dump function for the new CFG. (+ unit tests)
- 11 Oct 2023 - 20 Oct 2023 The three-address code format: Convert the old CFG into the new CFG of three-address codes. (+ unit tests)

### Evaluation 2 - Midterm

Due date: November 15th

- 26 Oct 2023 - 15 Nov 2023 PR Review &amp; PR fixes.

### Evaluation 3

Due date: December 1st

- 16 Nov 2023 - 08 Dec 2023 Implement SSA: insert phi functions into the new CFG. (+ unit tests)

### Evaluation 4 - Final

Due date: December 22nd

- 11 Dec 2023 - 22 Dec 2023 PR Review &amp; PR fixes.
- 11 Dec 2023 - 22 Dec 2023 (Optional) Implement SSA: rename variables to generate SSA format. (+ unit tests)

## Methodology

Weekly check-ins to report project progress. Chat with Lucas on Discord for questions. Attend daily Solang meetups to report progress and ask questions.

Read the book "SSA-based Compiler Design" for a detailed explanation of all the algorithms required to implement SSA.

SSA-based Compiler Design

SSA-based Compiler Design

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
