1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2022 Projects](2022-Projects_21954800.html)
5. [Client Connector for Hyperledger Besu](Client-Connector-for-Hyperledger-Besu_21954831.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Client Connector for Hyperledger Besu

Created by Rahul Batra, last modified on Oct 06, 2022

## **Abstract**

Develop a connector that provides both synchronous and asynchronous modes of interacting with a running Hyperledger Besu node. The connector would act as an interface between an enterprise application and the Hyperledger Besu node for data ingestions and it could provide event subscription options.

The scope of the project would also include an end-to-end test on a sample network.

**Mentors**

Name

Time zone

Discord ID

Email ID

Aruna S MISTarsulegai#7968

[Aruna.mohan@walmart.com](mailto:Aruna.mohan@walmart.com)

Rahul BatraIST

[Rahul.batra@walmart.com](mailto:Rahul.batra@walmart.com)

## **Mentee**

Name

Time zone

Discord ID

Email ID

Mihir Mehta

IST

[mehta.mihir2709@gmail.com](mailto:mehta.mihir2709@gmail.com)

Kiran S MIST

### Communication channel:

Discord + Github

### **Project repo:**

[https://github.com/arsulegai/eth-connector](https://github.com/arsulegai/eth-connector)

### **Deliverables**

- Design and implement the connector for Besu.
- These connectors (hlf and eth connector) can be standardized and brought into single repository for interface consistency

## **Merged PR's**

- **TBD**
- **TBD**
- **TBD**

## **Final Project Presentation:**

- **TBD**

## **Milestones**

1. **Learning Objectives (6th Oct to 14th Oct 2022)**  
   
   1. How does Besu Works? Expectation - A document that captures the difference between DB-based transaction vs blockchain transaction.
   2. SpringBoots understanding. Expectation - Develop and execute a HelloWorld SpringBoots application.
   3. Git. Expectation - Understand the process to commit, code reviews, and raise a PR.
2. **App Configurations**
   
   1. Network abstraction (input of a running Besu network)
   
   2. Key handling/Wallet integration
   
   3. App configuration read
   
   4. Connector abstraction (input of Kafka/ASB etc)
   
   5. Dynamic update of beans
   
   **Estimated Time to Complete: 4 weeksGoal: Smart Contract Ops**
   
   1. Transaction send
   
   2. Transaction result read/status
   
   3. Transaction simulation
   
   4. Decode transaction payload
   
   **CompletedGoal: Operations**
   
   1. Smart contract deployment
   
   2. Calculate contract address
   
   **Estimated Time to Complete: 2 weeksGoal: Events and APIs**
   
   1. Event from specific block
   
   2. URI for reading the block data
   
   3. Event from specific transaction (optionally of smart contract) given a block
   

**Estimated Time to Complete: 4 weeks**

## **Timeline**

Dates

Tasks/Plan

Expectations Evaluation

Status

**June 1 - June 14**

Mentee intro with the mentors.

Introduction to the concepts of HLF Connector Lab project

Setup and run a local instance of Besu ( [https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Tutorials/Developer-Quickstart/](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Tutorials/Developer-Quickstart/))

Integration Test Setup for Eth Connector  

**June 15 - June 28**  
Quarter Evaluation (June 29th)Quarter Evaluation (June 29th)

**June 29 - July 12**

**July 13 - July 26**  
MidTerm Evaluation (July 15th)MidTerm Evaluation (July 15th)  
**July 27 - Aug 9**  
Quarter Evaluation (July 31st)Quarter Evaluation (July 31st)  
**Aug 10 - Aug 23**  
Final Evaluation (Aug 24th)Final Evaluation (Aug 24th)

## **Methodology**

**TBD**

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
