1. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Mentorship Program](Hyperledger-Mentorship-Program_21954571.html)
3. [Mentorship Projects](Mentorship-Projects_21954604.html)
4. [2024 Projects](2024-Projects_21954934.html)
5. [Enabling Enterprise Organizational Blockchain Interoperability](Enabling-Enterprise-Organizational-Blockchain-Interoperability_21954940.html)

# Hyperledger Mentorship Program : Project Plan - Enabling Enterprise Organizational Blockchain Interoperability

Created by André Augusto, last modified on Nov 01, 2024

## **Mentors**

NameTime ZoneEmail IDRafael BelchiorUTC+1[rafael.belchior@tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:rafael.belchior@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)André AugustoUTC+1[andre.augusto@tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:andre.augusto@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)Peter SomogyvariPDT (GMT-7)[peter.somogyvari@accenture.com](mailto:peter.somogyvari@accenture.com)

## **Mentee**

NameTime ZoneEmail IDD YogeshIST (UTC+5:30)[yogeshone678@gmail.com](mailto:yogeshone678@gmail.com)Eduardo VasquesUTC+1[eduardovasques10@tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:eduardovasques10@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)

## **Deliverables**

- Report on existing solutions for enabling organizational interoperability in different layers (e.g., consensus- or policy-wise)
- Implement consortium features in Cacti
- Implement crash recovery features in SATP
- Use implement consortium features in SATP for crash recovery communication
- POC demonstrating new consortium features in Cacti (e.g., using a SATP bridge, crash recovery)
- Technical report
- Final presentation

## **Merged PR's**

- [https://github.com/hyperledger/cacti/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+yogesh](https://github.com/hyperledger/cacti/pulls?q=is%3Apr%20is%3Aopen%20yogesh)
- [https://github.com/hyperledger/cacti/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+consortium+author%3Aeduv09](https://github.com/hyperledger/cacti/pulls?q=is%3Apr%20is%3Aclosed%20consortium%20author%3Aeduv09)

## **Final Project Presentation:**

- **TBD**

## **Timeline**

DoneWeekDatesDescription (Yogesh)Description (Eduardo)1

Jun 03 - Jun 14

Onboarding sessions. Meet with the mentors, and discuss project implementation details, deliverables, and scope.

Onboarding sessions. Meet with the mentors, and discuss project implementation details, deliverables, and scope.

2

Jun 17 - Jun 29

Review the current blockchain interoperability frameworks and conduct a literature review on organizational interoperability. Draft a project plan outlining milestones and deliverables.

Review the current blockchain interoperability frameworks and conduct a literature review on organizational interoperability, Blockchain Consortium. Draft a project plan outlining milestones and deliverables.

3

Jul 01 - Jul 07

Review the crash-recovery draft and understand the protocol. Update the already implemented recovery messages according to the latest Draft.

Define the Update &amp; enhancement of cacti consortium and Api-Server features, using a policy based Interoperability Framework

4

Jul 08 - Jul 14

**1st Quarter Mentee Evaluation**

**1st Quarter Mentee Evaluation**

5

Jul 15 - Jul 21

Begin implementation and integrate Knex for crash logging. Initial tests with SQLite in-memory.

Implement the Update &amp; enhancement of cacti consortium and Api-Server features, using the policy based Interoperability Framework

6

Jul 22 - Jul 28

Start implementing the crash management system.

Create tests and evaluate the new features. Work on improvements if required.

7

Jul 29 - Aug 04

**Midterm Evaluations**

**Midterm Evaluations**

8

Aug 05- Aug 11

Verify the implementation of logging and crash recovery mechanisms.

Develop UI for Consortium Management / SATP UI

9

Aug 12 - Aug 18

Validate recovery messages across gateways.

Connect the new features with SATP. Work on stage-0 and orchestration layer.

10

Aug 19 - Aug 25

**3rd Quarter Mentee Evaluation**

**3rd Quarter Mentee Evaluation**

11

Aug 26 - Sep 01

Test and validate the new crash recovery mechanisms. (RECOVER, RECOVER-UPDATE, etc.).

Create end-to-end demo with new features. This can be done by updating/extending the cbdc-app example

12

Sep 02 - Sep 08

Write documentation for the crash recovery mechanism, including usage examples. Test integration with crash handling across nodes.

Write documentation for API Server and the UI, including usage examples, and setup guides. Work on the project report.

13

Sep 08 - Sep 20

**Final Mentee Evaluation.** 

**Final Mentee Evaluation.** 

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 14:55

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
