WEBVTT

1
00:00:27.270 --> 00:00:39.300
Tracy Kuhrt: Right, welcome to the march 10 hyper ledger PC call, as you are all aware, I know you're all aware you been on this call before you have to abide by two things.

2
00:00:39.870 --> 00:00:49.230
Tracy Kuhrt: The first is the antitrust policy notice, which is currently displayed on the screen and the second is the code of conduct, which is linked in our agenda.

3
00:00:51.300 --> 00:00:54.420
Tracy Kuhrt: So if we go ahead and start our agenda.

4
00:00:55.530 --> 00:01:06.450
Tracy Kuhrt: will see that the first thing is the announcements, the standard announcement, which we see every week of the weekly developer newsletter that goes out each Friday.

5
00:01:07.050 --> 00:01:17.250
Tracy Kuhrt: If you have anything you'd like to add, please leave a comment on the wiki page and we will go out to hundreds of different hyper ledger developers.

6
00:01:17.940 --> 00:01:34.320
Tracy Kuhrt: The second announcement is that the hyper ledger global forum 2022 year has been set for Dublin Ireland tember 12 to 13 there's events page up there, and the CFP are now open the closed on April 29 and.

7
00:01:35.700 --> 00:01:46.440
Tracy Kuhrt: You know if you have anything that you would like to talk about that you're doing that is interested in within hyper ledger or with hyper ledger projects or labs please consider submitting a CFP.

8
00:01:48.630 --> 00:01:52.950
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah any other announcements that anybody would like to make.

9
00:02:05.820 --> 00:02:22.440
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so there's no announcements, I did leave on the agenda, the hyper ledger cello reports, there was a few responses that came back from the hyper ledger cello Community to the questions that were asked.

10
00:02:24.990 --> 00:02:36.540
Tracy Kuhrt: I am not sure that there's anything specific that we need to talk about in this particular meeting, but if anybody has any questions or that we should make sure we follow up on.

11
00:02:37.770 --> 00:02:39.210
Tracy Kuhrt: that's not the time to bring it up.

12
00:02:52.560 --> 00:03:08.730
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so nothing there, we do have the explorer and the firefly reports that are do the firefly community has reached out to ask for an extension, which I appreciate the ask we normally don't get people asking but it's nice to know that.

13
00:03:10.050 --> 00:03:17.040
Tracy Kuhrt: People are out there, thinking about the fact that their project reports are due next week type of ledger ursa is do.

14
00:03:18.210 --> 00:03:30.030
Tracy Kuhrt: There is some conversation about the confusion in the dates in the project update calendar, we see that the dates listed, there are the Thursday of the tlc call.

15
00:03:30.420 --> 00:03:39.810
Tracy Kuhrt: With a note at the top, it says that the the reports of do the Monday prior to that people have a chance to review them before tlc calls.

16
00:03:41.610 --> 00:03:48.900
Tracy Kuhrt: But the calendar entries that show up are also on Thursday, which is kind of confusing for people so.

17
00:03:49.560 --> 00:04:02.130
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, maybe from here forward maybe it would be a good idea to allow for those Thursday dates and then we'll review them in the following thursday's tlc call does anybody have a problem with that.

18
00:04:10.320 --> 00:04:10.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Was that.

19
00:04:11.760 --> 00:04:12.360
Tracy Kuhrt: came up to me.

20
00:04:15.510 --> 00:04:16.170
Danno Ferrin: That was a no.

21
00:04:16.290 --> 00:04:16.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Sorry okay.

22
00:04:16.860 --> 00:04:18.690
Tracy Kuhrt: No problems okay great.

23
00:04:19.350 --> 00:04:23.640
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you, I appreciate the fact that i'm not speaking anymore um.

24
00:04:25.560 --> 00:04:34.620
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so with that the first thing that we have is an ask from men in our discussion topic yeah.

25
00:04:34.890 --> 00:04:36.240
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Sorry sorry.

26
00:04:37.410 --> 00:04:45.420
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I was trying to figure out which report, I read this in but there was a comment about the website not being easy to find.

27
00:04:46.590 --> 00:04:47.310
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): project.

28
00:04:47.520 --> 00:04:47.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, the.

29
00:04:48.840 --> 00:04:49.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Electric grid one.

30
00:04:50.340 --> 00:05:00.390
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Yes, and I put a comment saying yeah I think because they've responded saying yeah we should look into this, but I think it's something we really ought to have a discussion on.

31
00:05:00.900 --> 00:05:10.380
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): The thc level so i'm not saying we need to have that discussion now but I mean for those who haven't seen my comments, this is about, you know some.

32
00:05:11.310 --> 00:05:24.270
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Some projects i've used the be the capital needed that is offered two projects to have a top level website and kind of like agreed that hyper ledger.org.

33
00:05:24.930 --> 00:05:27.840
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And it's not used Union universally.

34
00:05:28.440 --> 00:05:38.910
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And this is not really linked from anywhere else, as far as I know, so you kind of have to know, and this site even exist, and I know this is something I have looked into.

35
00:05:39.210 --> 00:05:53.970
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): For fabric before, but I was like Well, this is yet another web page to to maintain and I just give up, but I think you know, the point is the Grid project reports that they would like that page to be easier to find.

36
00:05:54.570 --> 00:06:06.990
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I guess, they are making an effort to keep it maintained and maybe a bit frustrated that is not so easy to and so visible, so my point is nearly that I think they should have we should have a discussion.

37
00:06:10.170 --> 00:06:10.500
Tracy Kuhrt: going on.

38
00:06:12.000 --> 00:06:17.880
Danno Ferrin: So basis users, since we came on and what we did is we just pointed to our landing page for our documentation.

39
00:06:18.960 --> 00:06:21.420
Danno Ferrin: So we're not really maintaining a separate landing page.

40
00:06:21.750 --> 00:06:25.020
Danno Ferrin: it's just an easier place to get to the art read the docs documentation.

41
00:06:26.220 --> 00:06:36.450
Danno Ferrin: So that's if you're if you're concerned about maintaining extra places I think we could reuse that landing that the project is legit.org and pointing to an existing resource, even if it is a wiki page.

42
00:06:40.590 --> 00:06:51.810
Tracy Kuhrt: And what's a question, you know the basis that hyper ledger.org that's something that is provided through hyper ledger or is that something that you guys have set up separately.

43
00:06:52.830 --> 00:07:02.880
Danno Ferrin: um it's read the docs is where we have a Doc to put all their docs so um I thought that hyper ledger had a standard read the docs participation, maybe we don't.

44
00:07:04.110 --> 00:07:04.260
i'm.

45
00:07:07.800 --> 00:07:13.890
Tracy Kuhrt: Sorry, my my bed on that asking the question properly the actual URL.

46
00:07:15.270 --> 00:07:21.420
Tracy Kuhrt: that's being routed through the Linux foundation and hyper ledger or is that being routed from somewhere else.

47
00:07:21.990 --> 00:07:31.800
Danno Ferrin: it's a sub domain, so it has to be managed by hyper ledger So whoever controls the hyper ledger or domain configured it for us on our first month or two on the on project.

48
00:07:32.880 --> 00:07:37.500
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so didn't have religious stuff we have or something, but not for others.

49
00:07:37.560 --> 00:07:40.770
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And what's the right knows the answer to that question, I believe.

50
00:07:40.920 --> 00:07:42.180
Ry Jones: yeah I just haven't been.

51
00:07:43.380 --> 00:07:45.750
Ry Jones: I did it so play me.

52
00:07:47.820 --> 00:07:54.150
Ry Jones: I we have PCC I can I can jump in there and add subdomains i'm a little bit reticent to do it.

53
00:07:55.260 --> 00:08:12.660
Ry Jones: Because we've kind of had an explosion of them over the last little while at the same time I end up saying yes, eventually, so we have like the hyper ledger challenge and start here at tlc all those are just things that i've added.

54
00:08:15.540 --> 00:08:20.790
Ry Jones: You know, to make lives easier and that's just a DNS sitting in PS or PC so.

55
00:08:28.110 --> 00:08:36.960
Kamlesh Nagware: We are not aware, but every project has some kind of this subdomain us like a Su and like grid will I can.

56
00:08:37.140 --> 00:08:39.810
Kamlesh Nagware: find the binaries are the projects.

57
00:08:40.620 --> 00:08:49.320
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, so I think that's what we were just talking about that all of them have them only some of them have them and they're only when somebody request it from Ryan specifically.

58
00:08:51.720 --> 00:08:52.080
Kamlesh Nagware: Okay.

59
00:08:53.130 --> 00:09:01.710
Kamlesh Nagware: So, so any plans to ever every project such a such kind of fundamental difference, or is it depend on the projects maintenance choice.

60
00:09:03.960 --> 00:09:04.650
Tracy Kuhrt: I think.

61
00:09:06.150 --> 00:09:08.160
Ry Jones: yeah it's up to the maintainer is to ask.

62
00:09:09.210 --> 00:09:16.800
Ry Jones: Originally it was sawtooth who asked so we created one and then.

63
00:09:19.980 --> 00:09:25.980
Ry Jones: You know, as people have asked they've been they've been created some projects are.

64
00:09:27.450 --> 00:09:28.080
Ry Jones: They don't want it.

65
00:09:29.610 --> 00:09:31.620
Ry Jones: And some projects do so.

66
00:09:33.870 --> 00:09:34.440
Okay.

67
00:09:39.120 --> 00:09:46.050
Tracy Kuhrt: I think I think your point is well taken which probably have some sort of consistent way of doing this.

68
00:09:47.670 --> 00:09:48.240
Tracy Kuhrt: and

69
00:09:48.450 --> 00:09:57.750
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, I think that could be a discussion that we have in the future, about the way in which we proceed to have consistency across projects.

70
00:09:59.550 --> 00:10:05.400
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah exactly I mean the fact that rice doesn't seem to know if he's really should do this or not.

71
00:10:06.540 --> 00:10:15.810
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know, is to me more evidence that we should have a policy and then, for you know, and after that he can just execute based on that.

72
00:10:16.860 --> 00:10:24.750
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): without having to worry about whether is doing something wrong and I, which I don't think there's anything wrong there so there's no worries.

73
00:10:29.940 --> 00:10:35.790
David Boswell: Next week, would be a good time for this conversation i'm talking to our internal designer about mocking up some.

74
00:10:36.450 --> 00:10:42.120
David Boswell: New ways to present project content on the website so this could be a good time.

75
00:10:42.750 --> 00:10:52.500
David Boswell: She said that by next week, she will have some mockups that we can look at some good talk about that and kind of the sub domain question at the same time, and I agree with right it's very unclear.

76
00:10:53.130 --> 00:11:05.820
David Boswell: If doing these or is effective or not we should probably dive into the analytics and see you know I think moving something off of the main website or the main wiki you know it could just make it that much harder to find, so I think it's very unclear.

77
00:11:08.730 --> 00:11:12.360
Tracy Kuhrt: Well let's pause this conversation until next week.

78
00:11:15.960 --> 00:11:30.960
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so first off man has asked that we create a task force for reviewing the different mentorship projects so as you are aware, yesterday was the last day to submit any mentorship projects to.

79
00:11:31.770 --> 00:11:44.040
Tracy Kuhrt: be considered for this year's mentorship program and we need three or four people from the tlc to review those proposals and make sure that they're a good fit as mentorship projects.

80
00:11:45.840 --> 00:11:46.200
Tracy Kuhrt: No.

81
00:11:47.760 --> 00:11:49.440
Danno Ferrin: conflict of interest policy.

82
00:11:51.240 --> 00:11:53.430
Danno Ferrin: I have one that's in consideration.

83
00:11:58.410 --> 00:12:01.590
Tracy Kuhrt: I don't know that we have a conflict of interest policy.

84
00:12:01.590 --> 00:12:05.340
Min Yu: yeah so Tracy I just so you know.

85
00:12:06.600 --> 00:12:16.980
Min Yu: yeah just give a little summary so yesterday we closed the proposal submission, we received 39 project proposal so it's so great to see the.

86
00:12:17.850 --> 00:12:33.210
Min Yu: The community's interest in participating and mentoring, this year, many of the projects, I see a lot of returning mentors and and new new names new mentors as well and and and the project proposal come from a you know.

87
00:12:34.770 --> 00:12:47.670
Min Yu: I would say, you know it's not just dominated by certain projects, they really represent a very diverse composition of our projects are working groups and and that so i'm very excited to see kind of just the.

88
00:12:48.690 --> 00:13:09.150
Min Yu: submissions that we got so we got 39 so this year we'll have to unfortunately eliminate some we have funding to fund 30 that's kind of the maximum number of projects that we can fund, so we will need a selection committee so tlc task force to help us.

89
00:13:10.410 --> 00:13:13.650
Min Yu: evaluate these projects, so this.

90
00:13:14.880 --> 00:13:30.810
Min Yu: Tracy showing kind of the criteria that we've used in the in the past for evaluating projects, so I just wanted to validate if these you know the criteria is still valid and and also just to see if we have suited for volunteers to help us with this process.

91
00:13:31.890 --> 00:13:35.700
Tracy Kuhrt: And million the past, we had a sort of conflict of interest.

92
00:13:36.240 --> 00:13:45.240
Min Yu: I don't think that's an issue, because there are no you, you know, maybe one of the practices yours, but we're really selecting 30.

93
00:13:45.750 --> 00:13:57.180
Min Yu: So you know, unless you submitted to me or a multiple that might be an issue, but if it's just one I really don't see that as an issue on this other people have objections.

94
00:13:58.260 --> 00:14:02.370
Min Yu: because some of the mentors are going to beat you some numbers i've seen that.

95
00:14:03.420 --> 00:14:06.210
Ry Jones: As I say, based on our history.

96
00:14:07.350 --> 00:14:09.480
Ry Jones: There it's there's nothing explicit.

97
00:14:10.680 --> 00:14:12.630
Ry Jones: Because we've had plenty of.

98
00:14:14.100 --> 00:14:24.120
Ry Jones: tlc Members who were submitting submitting projects and on the selection committee we've had staff who have submitted projects and advise the selection committee.

99
00:14:25.980 --> 00:14:27.780
Ry Jones: So I guess.

100
00:14:29.400 --> 00:14:34.680
Ry Jones: Just it will be obvious that you have one because your name will be on one of the proposals.

101
00:14:36.390 --> 00:14:46.080
Ry Jones: Maybe when those tasks for spins up just explicitly state, you know, this is a project I submitted and I don't feel comfortable you know arguing for against it.

102
00:14:47.640 --> 00:15:02.430
Ry Jones: And you know and as men said we're calling from about 4230 so it's not like the competition is super stiff so I see Dan I was giving a thumbs up I think we're on the same wavelength and i'll shut up.

103
00:15:04.320 --> 00:15:04.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Right.

104
00:15:06.270 --> 00:15:10.020
Hart Montgomery: As long as there's a handful of people on the committee that shouldn't be a problem right.

105
00:15:12.480 --> 00:15:12.900
For sure.

106
00:15:16.320 --> 00:15:34.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so I think what i'm asking for in today's call is to see if we can get three or four people to put their hands up as people who would like to volunteer to one evaluate the criteria and then to to go through and review the mentorship projects.

107
00:15:35.580 --> 00:15:36.180
Tracy Kuhrt: commish.

108
00:15:37.170 --> 00:15:40.800
Kamlesh Nagware: So actually I have submitted to three projects so.

109
00:15:42.510 --> 00:15:43.890
Kamlesh Nagware: So any conflict of interest.

110
00:15:47.760 --> 00:15:52.830
Kamlesh Nagware: I think just made mention about like one because it doesn't matter, but I actually have three four projects submitted.

111
00:15:53.880 --> 00:15:58.470
Danno Ferrin: I think it sounds like the policy is just disclose what your projects are in that top yes so.

112
00:15:59.790 --> 00:16:01.230
Kamlesh Nagware: yeah OK.

113
00:16:04.890 --> 00:16:13.620
Aruna S M: It had so thanks they see I think if we were to go by what was followed for the Global Forum event last time in before that.

114
00:16:15.150 --> 00:16:21.690
Aruna S M: In case of conflict of interest, it was asked not to evaluate their own proposals, however, average of rest of the.

115
00:16:22.710 --> 00:16:32.730
Aruna S M: Scores were considered right for selecting or not selecting a topic I don't know it could be up to the evaluation committee that we are going to form today.

116
00:16:33.780 --> 00:16:40.980
Aruna S M: And they can choose to do that way if they see a conflict of interest, they could keep them so far away from that particular proposal and see what others.

117
00:16:42.840 --> 00:16:43.980
Tracy Kuhrt: that's right that's right.

118
00:16:45.930 --> 00:16:46.830
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so.

119
00:16:48.090 --> 00:16:48.750
volunteers.

120
00:16:50.310 --> 00:16:55.200
Tracy Kuhrt: We don't have volunteers, I think what i'm going to do is random number generation for people.

121
00:16:57.030 --> 00:17:00.330
Tracy Kuhrt: Because I mean look at our next topic guys.

122
00:17:01.380 --> 00:17:04.980
Tracy Kuhrt: We need to find a way for people to engage and Joe.

123
00:17:06.000 --> 00:17:06.810
Angelo De Caro: I volunteer.

124
00:17:07.380 --> 00:17:08.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you, Angela.

125
00:17:09.210 --> 00:17:10.050
Kamlesh Nagware: I wanted to.

126
00:17:10.620 --> 00:17:11.580
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you can bash.

127
00:17:19.140 --> 00:17:19.950
Tracy Kuhrt: anyone else.

128
00:17:27.150 --> 00:17:27.660
Tracy Kuhrt: ellington.

129
00:17:31.230 --> 00:17:31.620
Danno Ferrin: Yes.

130
00:17:32.310 --> 00:17:33.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Thank you, Peter.

131
00:17:36.780 --> 00:17:46.320
Peter Somogyvari: I can volunteer and I will, but I do have like five or six projects, so I would like to be keys myself from that way or insert.

132
00:17:47.490 --> 00:17:51.690
Peter Somogyvari: So, as long as I don't have to judge my own proposals i'm happy, no.

133
00:17:52.710 --> 00:17:53.820
Tracy Kuhrt: No right it's been a.

134
00:17:55.800 --> 00:17:58.170
Tracy Kuhrt: Task Force one room.

135
00:18:00.120 --> 00:18:09.300
Aruna S M: In case you have conflict of interest in those people who raise your hands and you need any help to alleviate your own proposals as a third person i'm okay to do that.

136
00:18:11.430 --> 00:18:11.790
Tracy Kuhrt: alright.

137
00:18:14.340 --> 00:18:21.960
Tracy Kuhrt: So I let you guys to determine the best approach for how you would like to proceed.

138
00:18:23.430 --> 00:18:28.290
Tracy Kuhrt: In evaluating the criteria and also evaluating the different project proposals.

139
00:18:29.340 --> 00:18:41.070
Tracy Kuhrt: As always feel free to reach out to myself, if you have any questions or and or men men has been through this process before so i'm sure she has some ideas that can help you out as well.

140
00:18:43.200 --> 00:18:49.800
Min Yu: Thank you Tracy i'll follow up with the task force members and we'll get this process going Thank you.

141
00:18:56.520 --> 00:19:03.990
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so with that the next question the next topic is really some open discussion.

142
00:19:05.340 --> 00:19:20.760
Tracy Kuhrt: I feel like we're struggling a bit as you see we're not getting the sort of input that I would expect to be seeing an engagement that I would expect to be seen from the numbers of the UFC, and so I wanted to try and figure out what's going on and what we can do differently.

143
00:19:22.440 --> 00:19:32.130
Tracy Kuhrt: You know I also think that there's a bit of diamond, if you will, from the perspective of I have seen at least 40 se meeting.

144
00:19:32.730 --> 00:19:45.570
Tracy Kuhrt: That has been updated to have yourself checked off as having attended that meeting, even though that checkbox was late because my guess is that you're burning through your open tasking finding that that's an open task and checking it off.

145
00:19:46.830 --> 00:19:55.350
Tracy Kuhrt: So, with that in mind, the questions that I have here are really a starter, for how do we, how do we figure out what's going on.

146
00:19:55.800 --> 00:20:03.810
Tracy Kuhrt: What should we be doing differently to allow us specifically as a TC number to be more engaged in these discussions during the call.

147
00:20:04.320 --> 00:20:14.010
Tracy Kuhrt: and also between the PSC calls right, so the last couple of meetings or have any action items coming out of those TC calls but don't follow up or follow through on those.

148
00:20:15.210 --> 00:20:18.600
Tracy Kuhrt: What are the reasons that you're not reviewing these project reports as they come in.

149
00:20:19.740 --> 00:20:21.720
Tracy Kuhrt: You know I checked yesterday, there were.

150
00:20:22.950 --> 00:20:39.240
Tracy Kuhrt: Five QC Members who have completed all of the reviews for the key one reports five PSD Members who have reviewed less than half of those project reports, and then the remaining four.

151
00:20:39.960 --> 00:20:52.410
Tracy Kuhrt: In this case being somewhere in between, so you know what what's happening there and what can we do to improve these meetings so that you feel like you can participate and engaging them.

152
00:20:57.330 --> 00:20:57.780
Tracy Kuhrt: Bobby.

153
00:21:00.840 --> 00:21:07.980
Bobbi Muscara: hey Tracy thanks I know i've sat on other boards and the ones that I find that the most activity happens in.

154
00:21:08.370 --> 00:21:15.780
Bobbi Muscara: are the ones that have committee members, I mean like separate committees, so, for instance, you would have for the initiative to.

155
00:21:16.470 --> 00:21:25.530
Bobbi Muscara: learn more about the special interest groups in the working groups, you would have one of the tasc members be in charge of that so that the.

156
00:21:25.920 --> 00:21:32.760
Bobbi Muscara: tasc is formed of committees in each member of the tasc sits on a committee and then for the meeting.

157
00:21:33.240 --> 00:21:46.080
Bobbi Muscara: Everyone reports, whether they report nothing happened in my committee and the committee is could be ad hoc they could be set up permanently, but then everyone on the tlc is responsible for report every tlc meeting.

158
00:21:48.720 --> 00:21:50.670
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, thanks Bobby thing.

159
00:21:51.990 --> 00:21:59.010
Dave Enyeart: I was thinking along the same lines that I think we're most effective when we have task forces, with a few people on the task force and they come back.

160
00:21:59.400 --> 00:22:08.550
Dave Enyeart: and report on their findings or proposals to the tasc rather than kind of just talking about it for talking about something for an hour that we might not have prepared for ahead of time.

161
00:22:09.150 --> 00:22:15.300
Dave Enyeart: So I think a good example, this was the the chat one I thought that worked really well well there were a few people went off did some homework.

162
00:22:15.990 --> 00:22:23.550
Dave Enyeart: And came back with some proposals, and I think we had a pretty concise discussion around that and made some decisions around that so.

163
00:22:24.000 --> 00:22:39.570
Dave Enyeart: I think that's a good model, then I guess the question is how do we ensure that the task forces are staffed and I guess for that question, we could brainstorm the task forces that we think we need, and we can have everybody sign up for at least one of those So those are my thoughts.

164
00:22:41.370 --> 00:22:49.080
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I was gonna ask that follow up question at some point if nobody had volunteered, how do we are we stuff them make sure that their stuff.

165
00:22:50.460 --> 00:22:52.680
Tracy Kuhrt: So I appreciate the thoughts come less.

166
00:22:53.820 --> 00:23:01.320
Kamlesh Nagware: likely my thoughts like like not just when we review the review the project report by just clicking by our name.

167
00:23:01.890 --> 00:23:19.260
Kamlesh Nagware: Maybe you know what are the reports available, maybe we could have been kind of broad broader discussion one particular project report is offering, what are the details are there and then on the same day, we will mark like who are discussing the report sort of someone.

168
00:23:20.880 --> 00:23:23.730
Kamlesh Nagware: individually check the reporting just mark the tick tick.

169
00:23:24.780 --> 00:23:28.950
Kamlesh Nagware: That could be one of the driving by the movie same thing they would is mentioning or maybe.

170
00:23:29.880 --> 00:23:44.760
Kamlesh Nagware: Getting a password, but I think, maybe it's not as possibly every time when the new reports come, we have a proper discussion on the project and we just click the kind of kind of do the report view it's seven the pst any.

171
00:23:50.760 --> 00:23:51.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Other thoughts.

172
00:23:52.740 --> 00:24:04.860
Ry Jones: So Kim I just want to make sure that I understand you're saying that there would be a a task force to review the reports and then report to the tasc what they found.

173
00:24:05.820 --> 00:24:12.540
Kamlesh Nagware: Non model they actually I man's name like not a dsc and Nada I look at the different to lock force task force but.

174
00:24:12.990 --> 00:24:21.420
Kamlesh Nagware: All the dsd Member like what are the tsa button, we have, and maybe speak a look at maybe 1015 minutes, then go through the report and kind of.

175
00:24:22.260 --> 00:24:26.940
Kamlesh Nagware: kind of review the report on the same time, and everyone so mark what we're understanding about projecting.

176
00:24:27.570 --> 00:24:39.690
Kamlesh Nagware: And they are free to explore the more detail about the project individually, but there is some kind of proper call in the test itself to discuss the project in mark the widget review on the same day.

177
00:24:40.950 --> 00:24:53.010
Tracy Kuhrt: So right I think it's more going back to what we used to do a project report where we spent quite a bit of time in the TC call reviewing these project reports having the.

178
00:24:54.240 --> 00:25:00.810
Tracy Kuhrt: person who submitted it or people from the project come and have a conversation with the tlc specifically.

179
00:25:01.860 --> 00:25:04.620
Ry Jones: gotcha Thank you yep all.

180
00:25:08.310 --> 00:25:20.700
Hart Montgomery: Right so from my slow response on the mute button there, I will say that we actually stopped having the long discussion on the project reports because that was so dominating the tlc agenda that we couldn't do anything else.

181
00:25:22.350 --> 00:25:39.570
Hart Montgomery: And so we opted to have a shorter discussion for those so i'm not sure we want to go back to what we were doing before, but if there's some good way to have discussion then then maybe that you know, in a way that doesn't dominate the whole meeting time but that might be good.

182
00:25:46.200 --> 00:26:03.600
Jim Zhang: yeah to me, I feel like the thing that i've been doing on the committee is falls into two camps, one is process related things that needs to be identified by the members and then follow through.

183
00:26:05.070 --> 00:26:08.250
Jim Zhang: I feel like for those.

184
00:26:09.540 --> 00:26:23.430
Jim Zhang: At least, personally I been kind of participating or being active maybe 6040, for example, for for certain things that I know.

185
00:26:23.850 --> 00:26:35.010
Jim Zhang: A lot of people are passionate about and there's there's members that's already been tagged to do I don't think my involvement is is going to help quite much.

186
00:26:35.940 --> 00:26:55.350
Jim Zhang: You know the inclusive language, the chat those are done, you know very effectively I don't think I would have helped too much if I pursue more others if you're passionate about myself, you know the project data, so I tend to persuade more.

187
00:26:56.730 --> 00:26:59.520
Jim Zhang: So that someone can the other is.

188
00:27:01.440 --> 00:27:13.740
Jim Zhang: about the projects, I think we may have a problem there, but maybe that's only because me as a new Member, I have to do a lot of homework to understand what each project does.

189
00:27:14.220 --> 00:27:23.850
Jim Zhang: And, before I do that I don't feel like I can contribute effectively and it takes time to understand them, and you know I kind of.

190
00:27:24.450 --> 00:27:46.110
Jim Zhang: privately prioritize the projects, you know I care a lot about firefly obviously and characters and Babel, but an Indian Aries February I already know right so, but for the rest of the project it's going to take me some time before I can effectively review the reports so.

191
00:27:48.180 --> 00:28:03.810
Jim Zhang: I don't know if it makes sense for us to ask the projects to present to the tasc that may be a radical idea we're supposed to understand them already, but they don't know how Others feel about this so so we can.

192
00:28:04.920 --> 00:28:09.420
Jim Zhang: As a team or get to understand the projects, a little better.

193
00:28:12.180 --> 00:28:23.130
Dave Enyeart: Think in the past we've talked about maybe like once a year, the project we're coming into a live report so like one out of four reports would be alive one we've mentioned that, before I think that's a good idea, but i'll shut up cuz I didn't raise my hand.

194
00:28:25.620 --> 00:28:25.980
Tracy Kuhrt: I know.

195
00:28:27.480 --> 00:28:40.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah I mean I actually wanted to remind people that we have said that before, and in fact we are, the more open invitation to all the labs all the working groups, you know.

196
00:28:40.590 --> 00:28:52.080
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): cigs we invited them saying hey why don't you come to the tlc and tell us what's going on in your in your area of territory of the the hyper ledger and you can kind of you know.

197
00:28:52.320 --> 00:29:03.420
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Help socialize what you're doing by doing that and, and you know, to me, I always felt like when we add the hack fest for those of us who have been around for long enough to remember those.

198
00:29:03.720 --> 00:29:10.950
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean it was indeed an opportunity to get a little bit of an update of what's going on in other parts of the hyper ledger.

199
00:29:11.160 --> 00:29:17.130
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): which we have lost, unfortunately, because we don't really have that and, yes, there's the global forum but it doesn't quite do the same.

200
00:29:17.520 --> 00:29:27.750
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So I, I am happy that to remind people that this is an opportunity, and maybe we can kind of you know, be more proactive in seeking.

201
00:29:28.590 --> 00:29:36.780
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): presentations from different groups, and I say groups, as a general thing is to be encompassing projects working groups and so on.

202
00:29:37.590 --> 00:29:46.230
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): But so, so I think that's a good thing, but also wanted to follow up on and reinforce what Todd was saying, in response to to.

203
00:29:46.800 --> 00:30:00.660
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): kamlish is the the about the project reports, I mean, I would also not want us to go back and I think you know what what's being talked about is not really addressing the issue that Tracy.

204
00:30:01.980 --> 00:30:08.460
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): raises which says to do more with a lack of participation from the tasc members.

205
00:30:09.720 --> 00:30:20.220
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): We I think the the way the reports are being handled is actually I like this mode, where I can look into at my own time I look at the reports.

206
00:30:20.490 --> 00:30:27.960
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And our phone comments I asked questions I asked clarification that point things out, and I think more people should do that.

207
00:30:28.320 --> 00:30:49.050
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And yes, of course, you can just click and forget about it, but to have your check box click but that's kind of defeating the the the purpose and I don't want to force people to do that work if they really don't want to by forcing everybody to do that in some kind of open meeting so.

208
00:30:53.640 --> 00:30:54.000
Tracy Kuhrt: Tina.

209
00:30:56.040 --> 00:31:02.100
Peter Somogyvari: Two things first I will have to live 15 minutes or so about that and then now topic second thing.

210
00:31:03.390 --> 00:31:03.930
Peter Somogyvari: I would.

211
00:31:05.040 --> 00:31:16.950
Peter Somogyvari: Like What if we just assume that maybe the people who are not regularly reviewing reports, maybe they have some something set up in a way that they don't actually see or forget.

212
00:31:17.790 --> 00:31:26.490
Peter Somogyvari: I noticed happened to some cactus maintainer is where they would know anything about me talking to them on github because they didn't have notification setup.

213
00:31:27.120 --> 00:31:39.900
Peter Somogyvari: So going on that giving everyone the benefit of the doubt angle, but good to sort of a roll call for people who miss to review reports, and then taking the year to say.

214
00:31:40.920 --> 00:31:48.690
Peter Somogyvari: Something like what Jim said niche I would totally except for example that while this project that project, I was just not comfortable.

215
00:31:50.100 --> 00:31:54.450
Peter Somogyvari: Actually, judging anything on the report, because I haven't yet got know what.

216
00:31:55.530 --> 00:32:05.790
Peter Somogyvari: And then, and then, of course, for those who just forgot got a little bit lazy it can be a great reminder such cool out that they actually need to do this.

217
00:32:14.370 --> 00:32:16.170
Tracy Kuhrt: Soon, as I go through my head about that.

218
00:32:17.250 --> 00:32:18.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Which is would we be.

219
00:32:21.450 --> 00:32:36.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Encouraging the wrong behavior right I checked off my box, so that I don't get called out in the hall without actually having repeated I also question if people are do have their.

220
00:32:37.350 --> 00:32:53.550
Tracy Kuhrt: Their conference stuff going directly to the trash since it but not getting notifications when they get a new project report coming in Does that also mean they have the TC gang agenda going directly to the trash, which also includes all of the things to the project reports.

221
00:32:54.780 --> 00:32:57.120
Tracy Kuhrt: In which case, that is somewhat concerning.

222
00:32:57.510 --> 00:33:07.470
Tracy Kuhrt: right but anyway i'm not i'm not here to stop the brainstorming here, I want to you know, improve things here more than talk about.

223
00:33:09.990 --> 00:33:11.310
Tracy Kuhrt: ways in which we might.

224
00:33:12.330 --> 00:33:16.980
Tracy Kuhrt: discourage even more people from participating in a way that we should part.

225
00:33:17.760 --> 00:33:21.360
Hart Montgomery: I will send you the confluence notification system is pretty bad.

226
00:33:22.770 --> 00:33:27.480
Hart Montgomery: It results in sort of like a lot of I would say spammy notifications.

227
00:33:29.580 --> 00:33:49.920
Hart Montgomery: I don't know sort of what the best way around this is or sort of you know if we notify people like hey if we give people one useful notification that they need to do something they're much more likely to do it, then, if they get like dozens of confluence spam notifications.

228
00:33:51.780 --> 00:34:07.710
Hart Montgomery: So I don't know what the best technical approach to this is, but you know something around that would be dice it sort of the same with quarterly reports, I know I missed a couple because, like the email reminder toby a different day or something, because the calendar wasn't synced.

229
00:34:11.640 --> 00:34:12.000
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

230
00:34:12.030 --> 00:34:26.430
Tracy Kuhrt: I I personally have my confluence stuff coming through I like seeing the fact that you guys are reviewing stuff and like seeing the fact that I can see the comments coming through on the project report for things that maybe I didn't consider, as I was reviewing the project report.

231
00:34:28.320 --> 00:34:40.980
Tracy Kuhrt: I also like the fact that I can quickly delete email, which is not typically the case in my day to day, so you know we each have our own different sorts of ways of handling things.

232
00:34:42.000 --> 00:34:56.760
Tracy Kuhrt: and knowing you know the work that we need to do, and to keep you informed on what's happening, I definitely do not get notifications for anything other than the except have my checkbox tasks on them more things that have clicked my name off on.

233
00:34:59.160 --> 00:35:00.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, what else.

234
00:35:03.000 --> 00:35:11.550
Tracy Kuhrt: i'd like to hear from the people who haven't spoken up, so I think the people that I know for sure haven't spoken up Artem grace ethan trying.

235
00:35:13.320 --> 00:35:14.250
Tracy Kuhrt: What are your thoughts.

236
00:35:19.050 --> 00:35:29.580
Grace Hartley: I think I really resonated with what Jim was saying, actually, so I don't want to repeat what he said, but I felt like definitely you know I have different.

237
00:35:30.330 --> 00:35:43.860
Grace Hartley: Skills and interests that I feel like I can contribute more to in those areas and then other areas I probably can't contribute as much so that's typically how I balance my participation.

238
00:35:45.000 --> 00:35:52.650
Grace Hartley: So that that definitely resonated, so I think i'm and I hope I hesitate to open this can of worms.

239
00:35:54.510 --> 00:35:54.840
Grace Hartley: But.

240
00:35:55.920 --> 00:36:01.590
Grace Hartley: Is there a list of what are the responsibilities for the dnc members.

241
00:36:03.480 --> 00:36:11.820
Grace Hartley: I mean attending the meeting, reading the quarterly reports i'm not sure is that document anywhere, because that would also be helpful, just to pull up as part of this conversation.

242
00:36:14.580 --> 00:36:18.840
Tracy Kuhrt: So no not this past year, but last year's.

243
00:36:18.900 --> 00:36:23.640
Tracy Kuhrt: CSE got a welcome message and the information from that welcome message was.

244
00:36:23.640 --> 00:36:35.730
Tracy Kuhrt: documented unconference we could definitely go find madigan as a page for reference, whether or not it has all of the different responsibilities grace I don't know.

245
00:36:36.510 --> 00:36:48.780
Tracy Kuhrt: In the same way that I know that the responsibilities for the tlc chair or a shock to me or no handed and transitioned over that responsibility.

246
00:36:49.230 --> 00:37:04.710
Tracy Kuhrt: and probably similarly for from banjos perspective that's awesome not documented anywhere so i'm right for the vice chair so things that we could definitely consider in preview as far as well, what it would be to.

247
00:37:06.090 --> 00:37:07.590
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, as far as responsibility.

248
00:37:08.940 --> 00:37:16.290
Grace Hartley: yeah that makes sense, I think yeah it was like I also if it's out there, I haven't looked at it, a long time, so to refresh i'm sure.

249
00:37:16.920 --> 00:37:23.850
Grace Hartley: It is a refresh but um but yeah but then, and also just want to echo what David said, I think the task force model is is definitely.

250
00:37:24.900 --> 00:37:27.720
Grace Hartley: Because it has proven to be pretty successful so with.

251
00:37:29.220 --> 00:37:34.500
Grace Hartley: All of the courses, as you were saying and how we ensure participation, but I did think that was.

252
00:37:36.180 --> 00:37:38.130
Grace Hartley: From just plus one in oh sorry.

253
00:37:40.680 --> 00:37:42.360
Tracy Kuhrt: that's Okay, I do think this.

254
00:37:42.450 --> 00:37:56.940
Tracy Kuhrt: I think you've created a new task force that's going to be formed at some point for documenting these sorts of things, so it was an addition to the list, if you will grace and not just a plus one, so thank you for your thoughts anything.

255
00:38:00.150 --> 00:38:07.350
Nathan George: I think the other piece that's important remember is a lot of our job and CC is to try to remove blockers and get out of the way of what work is happening.

256
00:38:07.740 --> 00:38:16.230
Nathan George: So you know, like suggestions like what heart gave us to all attend some other Community meetings, besides the ones we normally attend.

257
00:38:16.650 --> 00:38:24.570
Nathan George: during the week of the things that I found really interesting and really helpful because it's helped me get more context around what's going on, especially in the six.

258
00:38:25.920 --> 00:38:38.760
Nathan George: And that stuff that doesn't come up very often on our tasc calls and you know, hopefully it as we figure out what we can do to be more engaged part of what our conversation is what's the most helpful to be engaged on.

259
00:38:40.080 --> 00:38:46.950
Nathan George: Because there probably are things that we're missing that would get people more eager to get some things done, prior to the meeting.

260
00:38:48.150 --> 00:38:54.120
Nathan George: I don't know that everything that we do that way has to be a new task force so that might just be maybe we need to.

261
00:38:55.080 --> 00:39:07.830
Nathan George: You know, there are cases where we have project parts, where we should have five or 10 minute discussion on something that came up in the project report because not everyone is going to engage best i'm on conference wiki yet it's just no that's not going to be everyone's style.

262
00:39:12.090 --> 00:39:13.410
Tracy Kuhrt: I know, last year.

263
00:39:15.150 --> 00:39:16.740
Tracy Kuhrt: I did a lot of I stood.

264
00:39:18.060 --> 00:39:26.460
Tracy Kuhrt: volunteered for a lot of action items that were coming out of these meetings to make sure that we made forward progress on certain items, and I think that's a.

265
00:39:27.450 --> 00:39:32.790
Tracy Kuhrt: You know something that we should think through as well because you're exactly right we don't Task Force for every single thing.

266
00:39:33.330 --> 00:39:42.720
Tracy Kuhrt: We just need at least one person to go out and do the work then come back and report back and then start that discussion with the rest of the numbers don't know.

267
00:39:44.370 --> 00:39:50.040
Danno Ferrin: I brought up an interesting thing that I think we need that you know, clarify and figure out what's going on and that's the six.

268
00:39:51.420 --> 00:39:59.730
Danno Ferrin: The structure the stakes for the Charter is that they are coming from the main the general not the technical Steering Committee, but the.

269
00:40:00.510 --> 00:40:14.040
Danno Ferrin: Governing Board and whereas working group and tasks words come from the tasc so it's kind of unclear what our relationship with the six should be I mean this is probably an opportunity for us to improve it and clarify it as well.

270
00:40:21.360 --> 00:40:21.540
Tracy Kuhrt: or.

271
00:40:22.740 --> 00:40:33.210
Hart Montgomery: A dinner, I will say that I think that's a part of a whole nother topic where we've at least been having some conversations internally with staff about how to.

272
00:40:34.140 --> 00:40:44.940
Hart Montgomery: Better streamline and redefine sort of the missions of some of the like the whole I guess sig Task Force and working group ecosystem.

273
00:40:46.050 --> 00:40:50.550
Hart Montgomery: So I absolutely agree with you that this is something that that we should discuss and think about.

274
00:40:54.780 --> 00:40:55.950
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah and just.

275
00:40:58.500 --> 00:41:01.950
Tracy Kuhrt: bring up history that probably some of us don't want to revisit.

276
00:41:03.060 --> 00:41:13.860
Tracy Kuhrt: The sigurdsson were originally I think suggested to be under the thc and there was discussion that it didn't make sense to be under the thc, which is why they now fall under the governing board.

277
00:41:15.270 --> 00:41:16.950
Tracy Kuhrt: So I.

278
00:41:18.720 --> 00:41:20.190
Tracy Kuhrt: think some of the.

279
00:41:22.050 --> 00:41:33.300
Tracy Kuhrt: Issues that we've had in the past tcs as well as potentially this TC is that if you weren't there for the history it's not documented anywhere.

280
00:41:35.280 --> 00:41:39.300
Tracy Kuhrt: So, nobody knows why certain things are why they are.

281
00:41:40.410 --> 00:41:43.920
Tracy Kuhrt: And I think that is a mechanism that.

282
00:41:45.150 --> 00:41:49.560
Tracy Kuhrt: means that the same sorts of things come up over and over again, we had that.

283
00:41:50.730 --> 00:42:06.300
Tracy Kuhrt: Not last year, but maybe the year before CSE where we were basically covering the same topics over and over and over again, and I think he got really old person etc numbers because we have that discussion already Why are we having this discussion again.

284
00:42:07.380 --> 00:42:13.290
Tracy Kuhrt: So I think that we have to do a better job of.

285
00:42:14.610 --> 00:42:23.010
Tracy Kuhrt: Conveying what is now currently tribal knowledge of let's say happened in the tlc in the past part.

286
00:42:25.290 --> 00:42:30.600
Hart Montgomery: i'm going to say I hundred percent agree with that that's really important that this has caused some.

287
00:42:32.940 --> 00:42:39.420
Hart Montgomery: Some big problems in the past, I mean, particularly my my favorite I guess.

288
00:42:40.470 --> 00:42:50.010
Hart Montgomery: Well, I don't I don't want to call it my favorite is the wrong word, but perhaps the most notable area here on on my mind, is all of the.

289
00:42:51.780 --> 00:42:54.540
Hart Montgomery: You know all of the criteria around.

290
00:42:55.980 --> 00:43:05.130
Hart Montgomery: Project incubation proposals right, you know we say some things documented, but then you know, there seemed to be a lot of unspoken criteria.

291
00:43:06.120 --> 00:43:21.690
Hart Montgomery: that's just sort of like you know, everybody knows that or let well obviously not everybody, but, but you know existing tasc Members, you know, like projects that do this or have this and sort of do projects have have come in.

292
00:43:22.980 --> 00:43:28.140
Hart Montgomery: And and struggled with this, because what kind of projects, we have accepted or not always.

293
00:43:29.250 --> 00:43:31.560
Hart Montgomery: not always what we've documented right.

294
00:43:33.780 --> 00:43:41.700
Hart Montgomery: And I just agree that documenting what this tlc has talked about you know if we decide not to do something that's.

295
00:43:42.090 --> 00:43:53.460
Hart Montgomery: that's really it's really important to document that too, and remember that for a future tsh I can recall, there have been some things that, over the course of the tasc we have spent at least a month.

296
00:43:54.570 --> 00:44:01.530
Hart Montgomery: Three times deciding talking about something and deciding not to do it, and if we hit sort of.

297
00:44:02.160 --> 00:44:10.140
Hart Montgomery: written down and remembered why we didn't do it before it probably would have turned some of these very long conversations into something very short.

298
00:44:11.130 --> 00:44:24.450
Hart Montgomery: So I would love to figure out how we can sort of write down this institutional knowledge, so that as new people join, they can be caught up to speed and sort of quick and painless manner.

299
00:44:27.180 --> 00:44:27.420
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

300
00:44:28.290 --> 00:44:31.440
Tracy Kuhrt: But I think we have gotten a tad bit off of our topic.

301
00:44:32.730 --> 00:44:34.470
Tracy Kuhrt: of how do we, how do we.

302
00:44:35.730 --> 00:44:47.310
Tracy Kuhrt: end up with a mortgage etc, and as a teacher i'm here to facilitate and help us get to a place that we want to be as htc together.

303
00:44:48.600 --> 00:45:08.070
Tracy Kuhrt: And I I need some help, I think this is my call for help struggling as the dnc chair to know exactly what it is that you guys want to do, how we can help make sure that that happens and move us forward in some way that successful Jim.

304
00:45:09.840 --> 00:45:31.710
Jim Zhang: yeah I thinking back on the early days of fabric, you know lots of passionate discussions on tlc cause I feel like we're all we're all you know geeks and nerds and developers and engineers and nothing say those than a concrete technical discussion or topic.

305
00:45:33.420 --> 00:45:38.820
Jim Zhang: I don't know how to how to introduce that kind of content to tlc cause.

306
00:45:39.840 --> 00:45:52.920
Jim Zhang: Maybe we can do more to encourage the Community to propose more things I think we're taking a pretty passive role right now.

307
00:45:53.820 --> 00:46:17.010
Jim Zhang: But maybe we can take a more active role, for example, the you know just as a random example the merge between the permission chain and and and the public chains in the same pattern with token bridges that is like, in our opinion is something that's emerging quite strongly.

308
00:46:18.180 --> 00:46:32.400
Jim Zhang: What can we, what can we do so, we can do more steering right, rather than just reacting that's that's sort of what's been through my mind lately, but I don't know I don't have a concrete proposal of how to how to introduce that.

309
00:46:35.850 --> 00:46:38.340
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, thanks, Jim Hart.

310
00:46:39.480 --> 00:46:48.150
Hart Montgomery: yeah, so this is a great point Jim, and this also ties into my previous point there have been at least two Ts sees in the past.

311
00:46:48.690 --> 00:47:01.920
Hart Montgomery: Where the Chair went into the year, saying that they were going to try to make the tasc steer bore and have more technical content, and I assume ardo has his hand raised to also talk about this point.

312
00:47:03.300 --> 00:47:25.290
Hart Montgomery: So this has been sort of tried before and sort of the the solutions have not had a big impact, there has been a lot of resistance at the project level to having the steering committee do any kind of actual steering like if.

313
00:47:26.340 --> 00:47:40.440
Hart Montgomery: All of the projects have been extremely resistant to to basically giving the tasc any any input or any power over technical design so i'm not sure that that's going to be something.

314
00:47:42.030 --> 00:47:44.640
Hart Montgomery: that people are okay with because historically they haven't.

315
00:47:46.080 --> 00:47:52.470
Hart Montgomery: There have been you know a lot of attempts to bring up technical topics to the tasc or.

316
00:47:53.520 --> 00:47:59.010
Hart Montgomery: Or you know have people give technical talks or have the projects, you know highlight featured talks.

317
00:48:00.540 --> 00:48:14.760
Hart Montgomery: You know, for whatever reason, these haven't been super effective now that doesn't mean that they're you know it's a bad idea, maybe we just weren't doing it right in the past, and maybe there are better better ways to do these things.

318
00:48:15.810 --> 00:48:18.240
Hart Montgomery: And you know we have often wondered if.

319
00:48:19.710 --> 00:48:26.910
Hart Montgomery: You know the tlc has sort of really not become technical it's become more of a Community management.

320
00:48:28.680 --> 00:48:29.970
Hart Montgomery: You know organization.

321
00:48:31.710 --> 00:48:34.590
Hart Montgomery: And, and you know, should we.

322
00:48:36.600 --> 00:48:40.170
Hart Montgomery: More publicly relate that fact.

323
00:48:42.840 --> 00:48:44.490
Hart Montgomery: I guess i'll turn it over to ardo.

324
00:48:47.220 --> 00:48:48.570
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Thank you all, then.

325
00:48:49.050 --> 00:48:59.130
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): To to answer that very question you just ended up is you know I think i've said that before but i'll repeat, I mean if you look in the Linux foundation.

326
00:49:00.060 --> 00:49:03.870
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know sphere, there are many projects where they have.

327
00:49:04.740 --> 00:49:19.830
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Technical advisory committees and technical steering committees and typically I think what happens is we started with what was expected to be a tasc when we really have attack and if you wanted to you know.

328
00:49:20.640 --> 00:49:25.560
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): publicize the fact that we are more for attacking than the tlc we should.

329
00:49:26.220 --> 00:49:32.670
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Just bite the bullet and rename it I don't know that it matters so much, I was never really motivated enough when I was chair to.

330
00:49:33.000 --> 00:49:43.740
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Make that as a proposal but that's a possibility, I think, when the the way you describe the situation, though, is a bit more negative than then, then it really.

331
00:49:44.250 --> 00:49:54.900
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): has been in the sense that I don't think that projects are not interested in having the tasc getting involved as much as we all have you know.

332
00:49:55.260 --> 00:50:02.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): involvements different projects that are fairly you know functioning on their own, and there is.

333
00:50:02.400 --> 00:50:13.620
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean, as Jim said earlier, I mean it, it requires quite a bit of investment for somebody within a project so i'm familiar with fabric, you know if I wanted to start telling bazell what they should do.

334
00:50:13.890 --> 00:50:23.070
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): It would take a lot of investment from my part, and so I think this is why those discussions just don't take place now, I wanted to.

335
00:50:23.490 --> 00:50:27.870
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): say one more thing, though, which is why I initially raise my hand is that.

336
00:50:28.590 --> 00:50:38.820
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know I think we need to Defense to make sure we are addressing the right problem here, because is the problem, which I think you know Tracy stolen from that.

337
00:50:39.450 --> 00:50:51.780
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): We don't have enough participation active participation from the tlc and is it because we are not tackling the right topics that will excite people, including some technical issues.

338
00:50:52.530 --> 00:51:05.880
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Or is it you know that people are just not participating and and we may be, there is no problem we don't need to and maybe the right answer is to reduce the number of tasc calls, because you know.

339
00:51:06.480 --> 00:51:18.090
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): there's a difference if the problems that are not being addressed that etc, and if or is just that you know we don't have as many problems or maybe we we we think we are.

340
00:51:21.810 --> 00:51:23.610
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): understand what I mean yeah.

341
00:51:24.900 --> 00:51:32.670
Tracy Kuhrt: I it was funny as you were talking i'm like she would just reduce the number of TC kelsey you like right there and so appreciate.

342
00:51:38.220 --> 00:51:41.160
Kamlesh Nagware: hard, and it is, I think it's very good point because.

343
00:51:43.080 --> 00:51:50.010
Kamlesh Nagware: If you see the definition of thc like the responsibility of thc or to steal the technical direction of hyper ledger right, that is the definition.

344
00:51:50.760 --> 00:51:59.460
Kamlesh Nagware: And even I take an example, when I elected first level at usc so I got some comments and feedback from the Community or maybe my network like.

345
00:52:00.630 --> 00:52:12.570
Kamlesh Nagware: hyper ledger really needs some kind of really technical string, so I think this is interesting, like, how is it ESP we could directly involved with the technical decisions or maybe.

346
00:52:13.770 --> 00:52:22.260
Kamlesh Nagware: In one of the projects, I think I had mentioned that some resistance from the project mentors, but it still is a we are a technical.

347
00:52:22.860 --> 00:52:38.310
Kamlesh Nagware: Committee, and we should have kind of involvement with the project level of the technical decisions or maybe technical roadmap, the projects, I didn't something may be new to some kind of proper plan, where we can get to a proper workforce even decide what should be the.

348
00:52:39.570 --> 00:52:54.720
Kamlesh Nagware: PSC roles and responsibilities and like they like an admin so maybe in this way, the tasc member is not that much active in getting involved in the conversations, so I mean really some good something that needed to be done.

349
00:52:57.660 --> 00:52:58.950
Tracy Kuhrt: So much.

350
00:52:59.280 --> 00:52:59.610
Right.

351
00:53:01.950 --> 00:53:07.560
Ry Jones: This was the proposal that I put forward last year to reform the tasc.

352
00:53:10.380 --> 00:53:12.180
Ry Jones: i'll put a link to it in the chat.

353
00:53:13.380 --> 00:53:16.980
Ry Jones: I think something along these lines might help.

354
00:53:18.030 --> 00:53:22.260
Ry Jones: I think, also reducing the number of meetings or moving to a pure.

355
00:53:23.460 --> 00:53:29.910
Ry Jones: You know, email would probably also help because then everyone would be able to.

356
00:53:31.440 --> 00:53:32.910
Ry Jones: Do their thing on their time.

357
00:53:34.770 --> 00:53:35.130
Ry Jones: But.

358
00:53:36.420 --> 00:53:39.930
Ry Jones: This is it's just a proposal from from last year and.

359
00:53:42.210 --> 00:53:45.360
Ry Jones: I will, thanks to change i'm just not sure of the right way to get there.

360
00:53:47.970 --> 00:53:48.360
Tracy Kuhrt: yep.

361
00:53:50.250 --> 00:53:59.790
Tracy Kuhrt: I think definitely send this out something we can review, I think, last year, when you submit this it was shortly before the election so.

362
00:54:01.080 --> 00:54:05.880
Tracy Kuhrt: At the get didn't get as much attention as it probably should have been so I think now is the right time for us.

363
00:54:06.630 --> 00:54:21.750
Tracy Kuhrt: To be thinking through these sorts of things where you know about halfway through this term, if you will, so now is probably a really good time to take a look at the organization, the structure and what we want to do with the QC going forward.

364
00:54:23.700 --> 00:54:29.070
Tracy Kuhrt: What i've heard so far is some of us think that it's advisory some of us would really like to steer.

365
00:54:30.570 --> 00:54:48.570
Tracy Kuhrt: And there's been as far as the steering part some challenges in doing that in the past, so, but with the new people who have joined the tlc they may have other ideas that would contribute to ways in which we haven't thought about before that could help or no.

366
00:54:49.830 --> 00:54:56.100
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): just wanted to add one more piece to this time versus tlc to say that those things are not exclusive.

367
00:54:56.460 --> 00:55:07.320
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): In cnc F, which immediately is much bigger than hyper ledger they have both right, so the attack is kind of at the very high level and does stuff like we do here.

368
00:55:07.560 --> 00:55:15.330
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And then you have tasc that are much smaller in scope and that really talks about the actual technical steering.

369
00:55:15.600 --> 00:55:29.430
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): of different very closely related projects, and if we add like something like project families, which you know, is a topic that has been brought up you could imagine an ntsc for a single family, you have a tasc.

370
00:55:31.590 --> 00:55:33.060
Tracy Kuhrt: Just wanted yeah.

371
00:55:33.090 --> 00:55:37.200
Tracy Kuhrt: No that's that's an interesting interesting idea or no.

372
00:55:39.150 --> 00:55:46.410
Tracy Kuhrt: definitely something for us to consider, so I see that we have just two minutes left before the top of the hour.

373
00:55:48.120 --> 00:55:53.550
Tracy Kuhrt: We didn't have a chance to hear from everybody on the call today and I feel like that is.

374
00:55:55.110 --> 00:56:04.770
Tracy Kuhrt: A concern that I have is if ESC chair, but either you're not comfortable to speak up for your really serve disengage that it's not worth speaking up.

375
00:56:06.120 --> 00:56:15.150
Tracy Kuhrt: If it's the former please reach out to me directly i'm happy to take your feedback and hear your comments, I want to make this a better.

376
00:56:15.690 --> 00:56:33.270
Tracy Kuhrt: Experience for all of us, I want you to feel like it's something that you enjoy participating in your volunteering your time and it is much appreciate it, the time that you do spend, and so I want to make that time that you're volunteering your time and efforts to be an enjoyable.

377
00:56:35.340 --> 00:56:46.500
Tracy Kuhrt: enjoyable time for you so again, please, if you do have additional comments you weren't comfortable saying these things in front of the larger audience in a call that's been recorded.

378
00:56:47.160 --> 00:56:55.140
Tracy Kuhrt: Please reach out to me i'm happy to hear those if you're not comfortable speaking to me please reach out to somebody on the hyper ledger staff.

379
00:56:56.460 --> 00:57:06.060
Tracy Kuhrt: and have that conversation like this is all about us and making the hyper ledger as a community hyper ledger as the technical Steering Committee.

380
00:57:06.720 --> 00:57:23.640
Tracy Kuhrt: A better place for all of us, so I appreciate the the thoughts I have taken notes on what you said today, I will try to summarize those in our meeting notes, so that we have those for us to consider things that we might want to do, moving forward.

381
00:57:25.350 --> 00:57:30.270
Tracy Kuhrt: Again, just appreciate your time and your effort so Thank you everyone for participating.

382
00:57:33.150 --> 00:57:34.320
Tracy Kuhrt: And with that we're going to close the.

383
00:57:34.320 --> 00:57:36.300
Bobbi Muscara: Call Thank you Tracy.

