1. [Financial Markets SIG](index.html)
2. [Financial Markets SIG](Financial-Markets-SIG_20545549.html)
3. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_20558268.html)
4. [2019 Meeting Notes](2019-Meeting-Notes_20546647.html)

# Financial Markets SIG : 2019-07-31 Meeting notes

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified by Tomaz Sedej on Apr 02, 2024

## Date

31 Jul 2019

## Agenda

- Anti Trust Policy &amp; Code of Conduct
- Introductions
- Volunteer to scribe and record.
- Volunteer for the vice-chair
- Status and plans from the project leads or interested members for existing projects

[dummyfile.txt](#)

## Attendees

- [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)
- [Manivannan Pillai](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a6887cec2b7dd3533e4ab77?ref=confluence)
- [stanislav.liberman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d8ad52af28ef50d66a4eb6b?ref=confluence)
- [Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence)
- [Srinivasan Muralidharan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5cb79202015c700e78ff4d3e?ref=confluence)
- [Natalia Garciagonzalez](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:7c7305b1-f62b-4d9d-84a9-882b2664fda6?ref=confluence)

## Goals

- Present the launch blog [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)
- Outline plans for topic groups/projects [Manivannan Pillai](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a6887cec2b7dd3533e4ab77?ref=confluence),  [stanislav.liberman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d8ad52af28ef50d66a4eb6b?ref=confluence), [kellycooper.2ds](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd2cf0723cbe90ee7b41056?ref=confluence), [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)- [Kirthi K](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:cdf2c19a-9f68-45e0-82c7-86c8b2799fb2?ref=confluence)on the groups he is interested in
- New groups

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes2 minSIG governanceVipin Bharathan  
3 minAnti Trust Policy &amp; Code of conductVipin Bharathan  
10 minIntroductionsAll  
5 minPoll and other administriviaVipin Bharathan  
2 minMeeting timesVipin BharathanPoll1 minVolunteers for vice chair+scribeAllNatalia Garcia volunteered30 minTopics/Projects-existing &amp; newTopic LeadersSee below:RestAOB- any business raised by members

1. Reduced attendance due to summer doldrums and hyperledger members meeting in Tokyo
2. Natalia Garcia volunteered as vice chair
3. Introductions:
   
   1. Natalia Garcia is expert in bonds from the front office, mainly origination of corporate debt and financial institution debt. Also interested in settlement mechanisms and custody
   2. Bobbi-learning materials working group- also announced Drummond Reed speaking about Identity this Friday
   3. Mani- Founder of Swapshub, many years working with swaps &amp; other derivatives (FpML etc.), Swapshub is also member of ISDA and working on extending work to Hard Wallets, digital custody, Data Standards
   4. Stan - CME group, research and construction of solutions.
   5. Murali- Fabric maintainer, heavily involved in solution for custody, already well versed in technology, looking to expand into business and CM expertise.
   6. Vipin - dlt.nyc chair of ID Working Group and now interim chair of CMSIG (did not state during call)
4. Project review
   
   1. Vipin presented taxonomy of types of securities drawn using gliffy. Challenges of the tool (including inserting links and popups)
   2. As first cut it seems very good ([Bobbi Muscara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c4cb1b7d8bbb7445c0a457e?ref=confluence) )
   3. Second aspect of taxonomy is lifecycle, an example through the use of a diagram from a Oliver Wyman &amp; Euroclear document was presented, seen in the Taxonomy website, [Natalia Garciagonzalez](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:7c7305b1-f62b-4d9d-84a9-882b2664fda6?ref=confluence)reminded us that the origination part was missing. Another aspect was the fact of multiple ledgers, we got into a debate about virtual ledgers versus multiple networks for different products and hence interoperability. Instead of following standards there, companies may be developing their own standards (like clearmatics for stablecoin approaches)- [Manivannan Pillai](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a6887cec2b7dd3533e4ab77?ref=confluence).
   4. [stanislav.liberman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d8ad52af28ef50d66a4eb6b?ref=confluence)  said that use cases could also have a taxonomy and he will start on something soon.

## Action items

- [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence) will play around with gliffy to introduce links and or popups to give more details on the securities., before the next meeting
- [stanislav.liberman](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d8ad52af28ef50d66a4eb6b?ref=confluence)will expand the use cases
- [Manivannan Pillai](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a6887cec2b7dd3533e4ab77?ref=confluence) expand on standards projects

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20545943/20558425.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20545943/20558424.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:18

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
