1. [Financial Markets SIG](index.html)
2. [Financial Markets SIG](Financial-Markets-SIG_20545549.html)
3. [FMSIG Reports](FMSIG-Reports_20558787.html)

# Financial Markets SIG : 2020 - CMSIG - 2nd Semiannual Report

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified by Erick Carty on Sep 16, 2022

[Go to start of metadata](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Capital+Markets+SIG+2020+1st+Biannual+Report#page-metadata-start)

Since a decision was made to create semi-annual reports, the CMSIG will be creating new bi-annual reports from now on.

## Special Interest Group

Capital Markets Special Interest Group (CMSIG)

## CMSIG Overall Health

The CMSIG meetings are held every two weeks and are generally well-attended. Meeting topics and guest speakers drive attendance.  eThaler code in Hyperledger labs, is being reused in Climate Accounting. The CMSIG is proposing a new lab for cross chain settlement. Many other projects are proposed for 2021. Our Vice-Chair [Natalia Garciagonzalez](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:7c7305b1-f62b-4d9d-84a9-882b2664fda6?ref=confluence) has stepped down due to other demands on her time. Our thanks to Natalia Garcia for her contributions. She will continue to attend the meetings when possible. We have another candidate for vice-chair [Kirthi K](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:cdf2c19a-9f68-45e0-82c7-86c8b2799fb2?ref=confluence)  who is also the convener of our Insurance sub-group. 

## Issues

We have a diverse set of members and have had success with presentations. We have the challenge of gender diversity. The majority of attendees have a technical background. Improving diversity is one of our major projects.

## Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

The CMSIG is very well attended. Some of the notable presentations and projects include  

- a demo of eThaler.
- a presentation from the Climate Action SIG, detailing the Net Emissions token network and how code from eThaler can be repurposed for other tokens. By [Si Chen](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c49c10c4-25bf-4187-b582-b521c3c33223?ref=confluence)
- cross chain settlement  instruction, investigating registries for ledger names and currencies.
- a presentation on Chinese infrastructure and digital currency projects including their international dimesnsions, the role of Hyperledger Fabric in particular. A collaboration on a blog with Trade Finance SIG and China expert [Eugenio Reggianini](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/63bc168549a31f95b8732a4f?ref=confluence)
- Bank of Thailand's bond issuance and trading platform for Thai Sovereign bonds
- Discussing @Baxter Hines' book  "Digital Finance" from the author himself
- "Springboarding CBDC Into Reality" by Sergio Mello from Tangem, the use of Smart Cards in retail payment systems.
- Custody of digital assets by [Rebecca Aspler](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:608dcffa-f90e-4657-85c3-3d97113beb27?ref=confluence) Unbound. Use of MPC for enterprise grade custody

## Planned Work Products

1. Collaborate with other groups leveraging  eThaler code and sharing concerns with Capital Markets SIG, climate action SIG, public sector SIG, Trade Finance SIG and others.
2. Work on MPC based custody solutions, otc.digital will propose a lab for this work.
3. Insurance sub-group
4. Jumpstart more tokens and token definitions, contribute some ideas back into IWA.
5. Get more presenters on interesting topics
6. Work on open source utility functions specific to Capital Markets for integration into smart contracts. For example bond math.
7. Interoperability work: extend xcsi and work on interoperability issues between different kinds of digital tokens and digital currencies.
8. Work with other open-source efforts like FinOS.
9. Digital exchanges (CeFi), execution, prefunded execution settlement, matching engine with D2D credit lines and off-exchange session based P2P settlement.

## Participant Diversity

This is a very diverse membership with global representation (including, but not limited to, member participation from China, East and West Coast US, England, Canada, Switzerland, India, and the different countries within the EU). Gender diversity is still a challenge. We want to invite more presentations from women leaders in Capital Markets.

## Additional Information

*None to date.*

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
