1. [Financial Markets SIG](index.html)
2. [Financial Markets SIG](Financial-Markets-SIG_20545549.html)
3. [FMSIG Reports](FMSIG-Reports_20558787.html)

# Financial Markets SIG : 2022 - CMSIG - 1st Semiannual Report

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified by Erick Carty on Sep 16, 2022

## Special Interest Group

Capital Markets Special Interest Group (CMSIG)

## Report Author(s)

Vipin Bharathan: SIG Chair

## CMSIG Overall Health

Interest in our SIG continues to soar. We have a mix of presentations and projects. New projects for the next year include NIFTY a cross-silo initiative that continues to garner views. New presentations have covered Intitutionalization of AMMs and digitization of Financial Market Infrastructure.

## Issues

We have had success with well-attended presentations. We do have the challenge of gender and location diversity.

## Overall Activity in the Past Two Quarters

The CMSIG is very well attended. We have had seven meetings from August 2021 until today (Jan-15-2022) (the period covered by the report). A new subgroup has been added ([The Mortgage sub-group](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CMSIG/CMSIG+Mortgage+Industry+Subgroup))

Presentation topics include:

- CBDC - DXCD, Patterns of CBDC
- Tokenization of Warehouse Lending
- Regulation - Law, Public Blockchains
- Standards (ISO 20022) and CDM (Common Domain Model)
- ILS and Ricardian Contracts
- Risks of AMM and DeFi in General
- Institutionalization of DeFi, AMMs
- Automation of FMI (Financial Market Infrastructure)

## Planned Work Products

2022 will continue the CMSIG’s focus on topical, bold presentations and discussion. Join us to learn, contribute and stay at the head of subjects including:

- Split the calls APAC-US/Europe
- 2022 - momentum on the topics
  
  - \* CBDCs as payment rails
    
    * Token standards for Capital Market tokens
    
    * Settlement - liquidity considerations in an automated world
    
    * DeFi into financial infrastructure - DeFi regulation, pricing and risk management
    
    * Custody of digital assets
    
    * Breaking silos (identity, tokens, payments)
    
    * Interoperability (chain and otherwise)
    
    * NFT and Capital Markets  - [NIFTY proposal](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CP/NIFTY) to build an open source solution in Hyperledger labs:  NFTs &lt;--&gt; FTs
- Identity, Tokenization, Security, Standards, Interoperability
- Regulation

## Participant Diversity

We opened very strongly with some women led presentations, this last year. We do need to increase presentations from women leaders in the space. Please send those recommendations our way. We need to improve this mix. Gender diversity is still a challenge.

Geographic diversity will be addressed with a separate APAC call every month.

This is a very diverse membership with global representation (including, but not limited to, member participation from China, East and West Coast US, England, Canada, Switzerland, India, and the different countries within the EU). 

## Date Published

2022-12-15

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
