1. [Financial Markets SIG](index.html)
2. [Financial Markets SIG](Financial-Markets-SIG_20545549.html)
3. [Archived](Archived_20558304.html)
4. [FMSIG Insurance Markets Subgroup (Archived)](20545637.html)

# Financial Markets SIG : CMSIG Insurance Markets Subgroup Members

Created by Kirthi K, last modified on Mar 08, 2021

The following is a list of CMSIG Insurance Markets Subgroup members

To register please follow instruction on [https://docs.linuxfoundation.org/lfx/sso](https://docs.linuxfoundation.org/lfx/sso) . Please use the Linux Foundation SSO to log into the forum.

Please update the page if you are a member, note your interests and other details if you would like to be discovered by fellow members or others to collaborate on Insurance Markets related topics. If you are unable to add your details, please send me an email to [Kirthi K](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:cdf2c19a-9f68-45e0-82c7-86c8b2799fb2?ref=confluence) details are listed below.

### \#

NameAssociationContact Details &amp; Interests1Kirthi KCivitas Fintechkirthi@civitasfintech.com

Transitioned from Management Consulting to Blockchain Solutions Architecture. 18 year of Business Transformation &amp; IT Change experience in Asset Management and Insurance.  

A Data buff with special interests in Interoperability, Common Data/Domain Model,  ML, Digital Sovereign Identity and Asset backed securities digitisation.

2garyburkeRabbits From Hatsgary.burke@rabbitsfromhats.co.ukBusiness transformation consultant, 25 years insurance experience, strategy, op models, transformation programme definition and management, UW, PAS, claims, digital. Interested in how the innovative use of technology and thinking can move the industry forwards.3garynuttallDistlyticsgnuttall@distlytics.comMulti-industry commercial experience, primarily in data, analytics and business intelligence.  Formerly Head of Business Intelligence for Lloyd's of London Syndicate.  Have run multiple DLT proof of concepts in commercial insurance sector and been an advisor to several blockchain-based insurtech startups.  Active supporter of blockchain/distributed ledger technology providing consultancy and education since 2016. 4Paul RichMOTOSI Consultingpaulrich@motosiconsulting.comConsultant to the London Insurance Market, delivering advisory services around strategic operational engagement and best practice outcomes across a variety of capacity distribution models.5Marisa MurtonSolvlabmarisa@solvlab.comData scientist with strong leadership and communication skills. Having spent over two decades at the UK's largest Insurer, I am now enjoying putting my skills to use in organisations and industries where data analytics has not been so widespread. 6Daniel SchwartzFT Advisory[daniel.schwartz@ftadvisory.co](mailto:daniel.schwartz@ftadvisory.co)Founder and CEO of FT Advisory LLC, a capital markets consulting firm which works with FinTech and established firms to define and execute their product and technology strategy. Previously the CIO at CloudMargin, a FinTech firm which provides SaaS-based Margin and Collateral workflow for its clients’ OTC derivatives portfolios. 7Amelia PerrinLloyd'sameliaanneperrin@gmail.comInsurance graduate at Lloyd's, looking to develop my understanding of blockchain and related technologies to improve insurance market efficiencies. Experience in investment management and Lloyd's performance management. Currently on placement in a marine underwriting team with a Lloyd's syndicate.8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:18

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
