1. [Financial Markets SIG](index.html)
2. [Financial Markets SIG](Financial-Markets-SIG_20545549.html)

# Financial Markets SIG : Members

Created by Vipin Bharathan, last modified by Nasser Rahal on Nov 18, 2024

The following is a list of FMSIG members.

Please update the page if you are a member, note your interests and other details if you would like to be discovered by fellow members to collaborate on FMSIG-related topics.

\#

Name

Association

Contact

Details &amp; Interests

1

Vipin Bharathan[DLT LLC](http://www.dlt.nyc/)[vip@dlt.nyc](mailto:vip@dlt.nyc)Vipin has many years of experience in Capital Markets implementing front-to-back systems concentrating on Risk and P&amp;L systems, and structuring. Have been working on applied DLT since early 2015. 2Jonathan LeviHACERA, The Unbounded Network[jonathan@hacera.com](mailto:jonathan@hacera.com)

Founder of HACERA and the Unbounded Network.

Jonathan used his strong background in applied cryptography and mathematics, to financial mathematics and building large-scale trading and risk management systems.

Jonathan transitioned his career in the Financial Services sector (City of London, Hong-Kong and Wall St.) to focus on decentralized and distributed systems, also in highly regulated markets.

3Kelly MathiesonDigital Asset[kelly.mathieson@digitalasset.com](mailto:kelly.mathieson@digitalasset.com)

Head of Enterprise Solutions at Digital Asset.  Over 30 years of financial services and capital markets experience, predominantly at J.P.Morgan (Corporate &amp; Investment Bank, Asset Management and Treasury &amp; Securities Services).

4Dixing XuNanyang Technological University[dixingxu@gmail.com](mailto:dixingxu@gmail.com)Dixing is one of the maintainers of fabric-sdk-py and has two years of experience developing blockchain related applications, currently a research assistant at NTU, Singapore.5Stanislav LibermanCME Group, Inc[lirm604@gmail.com](mailto:lirm604@gmail.com)Stan has 15 years of hands-on experience in Capital Markets technology and spent last 4 years researching and exploring the applications of blockchain and DLT to the domain.6Bobbi MuscaraLedger Academy[Bobbi@LedgerAcademy.com](mailto:Bobbi@LedgerAcademy.com)Working with the Learning and Materials Working Group to assist in documentation and training support for the Special Interest Groups.7Al BrandtBlocLedger[al.brandt@blocledger.com](mailto:al.brandt@blocledger.com)Working with Financial Services companies on proof of concepts using Hyperledger Fabric.8Edmund ToConsenSys[edmund.to@consensys.net](mailto:edmund.to@consensys.net)Solutions architect and software engineer with commercial experience across a number of blockchain technologies. Prior to working in tech, experience in investment banking industry with equity and equity derivatives trading and structuring with UBS, Barclays Capital and BBVA.9

Jane Kenyon

[janekenyon@me.com](mailto:janekenyon@me.com)

Extensive experience as Product Manager in Securities Services, Global Custody. Work with clients and technology teams to analyze needs, to define products and strategy and to deliver solutions to market.  Most recently at R3 managing projects and proofs-of-concept.

10Kirthi KCivitas Fintech[kirthi@civitas](mailto:kirthi@civitasgroup.co.uk)fintech.comTransitioned from Management Consulting to Blockchain Solutions Architecture. Kirthi has 15 year of Business Transformation &amp; IT Change experience in Asset Management and Insurance. Data buff with special interstes in ML, Digital Sovereign Identity and Asset backed securities digitisation.11James KossUnited Capital Financial Advisers[james.koss@unitedcp.com](mailto:james.koss@unitedcp.com)

Financial audit experience in financial services, banking, and insurance. Successful digital asset analyst and investor. Operate crypto-currency mining operation running 30 Bitmain ASIC processors and two 10 unit GPU rigs on 5 different blockchain networks. Transitioned to enterprise blockchain consulting in 2017. Currently hodling Ether.

12John DeeterBond.One[jde@bond.one](mailto:jde@bond.one)  
13Teana Baker-TaylorGlobal Digital Finance[Teana@gdf.io](mailto:Teana@gdf.io)

GDF is an industry membership body that promotes the adoption of best practices for digital and crypto assets and digital finance technologies, through the development of conduct standards, in a shared engagement forum with market participants, policymakers and regulators.

14Araby PatchSecuritize Inc.[araby@securitize.io](mailto:araby@securitize.io)

Director of marketing for Securitize, a primary issuance and lifecycle management platform and protocol for digital securities (security tokens) on public and permission blockchains. Securitize is working with IBM on a Hyperledger based projected to tokenize commercial paper. 

15Ron QuarantaWall Street Blockchain Alliance[ron@wsba.co](mailto:ron@wsba.co)  
16Chris PainterOmnitude[chris@omnitude.tech](mailto:chris@omnitude.tech)CEO of Omnitude.17Rashad Kurbanoviownit capital and markets, Inc.[rashad\_kurbanov@iownit.us](mailto:rashad_kurbanov@iownit.us)CEO18Alex MedanaFinfabrik[alex@finfabrik.com](mailto:alex@finfabrik.com)

Co-Founder &amp; CEO

19Srinivasan (Murali) MuralidharanState Street Corp[srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com](mailto:srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com)

Interests - Finance, post-trade, crypto-currency, tokens. DLT for finance, smart contracts for finance.

 20 Milena Kohlhofer Citi [milena.kohlhofer@citi.com](mailto:milena.kohlhofer@citi.com) Product Manager21Kelly Cooper  
[KellyCooper.2ds@gmail.com](mailto:KellyCooper.2ds@gmail.com)  
22[Elena Treshcheva](https://www.linkedin.com/in/treshcheva/)[Exactpro Systems LLC](http://exactpro.com)[elena.treshcheva@exactpro.com](mailto:elena.treshcheva@exactpro.com)

Business Development Manager, Researcher.

Software testing services for financial market infrastructures. Test automation framework for testing DLT-based applications in post trade.

23

Oleg Abdrashitov

Sberbank[Abdrashitov.O.V@sberbank.ru](mailto:Abdrashitov.O.V@sberbank.ru)Blockchain Laboratory Director24Ben TaylorLedgerDomainben.taylor@ledgerdomain.comCEO.  25 years on Wall Street; 3 years member Hyperledger.  Shipping DocuSeal, a GDPR &amp; CCPA compliant framework and Selvedge, a hybrid cloud app server for Hyperledger Fabric.25Saptarshi ChoudhuryParamount Software Solutionssaptarshi@paramountsoft.netInterest - Post Trade Settlement26Natalia Garcia  
natalia.garciagonzalez@gmail.comAssociate Director in Debt Capital Markets with 10 years of work experience (6 of them at J.P. Morgan London). Interested in the deployment of Blockchain for the origination/syndication and settlement processes.27[Randy Amiel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/randyamiel)[Black Cloud Technologies](http://www.blackcloudtech.com)randy.amiel@blackcloudtech.com

Founder. Worked and developed financial software in the private equity hedge fund businesses for 3 years. Interested in high speed trading using Hyperledger for faster settlements.

28Ofer AvineriNYSTXofer@nystx.comThe New York Security Exchange - (The Security Token Company) is a world leader in the Security Token market. We provide solutions for Security Token Offerings (STO) as well as the world's most advanced Security Token exchange. All Security Tokens on our platform are asset backed and must comply with SEC regulations.29Baptiste Cota

LeadBlock Partners

baptiste.cota@leadblockpartners.com

Partner of LeadBlock Partners. We are a venture capital fund investing in entreprise blockchain start-ups which typically use Hyperledger. Fintech is key area for us. 5 years Capital Markets experience including GS &amp; Rothschild

30Mani PillaiSwapsHubmani@swapshub.comPresident.  At SwapsHub, we are building a digital assets trading &amp; life cycle platform integrating ISDA CDM data standard for smart contracts, permissioned ledgers and institutional custody using Multi-Party Computation (MPC). Separately, ISDA CDM working group members are using our Corda based OTC derivatives ledger services platform for CDM trade life cycle testing covering rates and credit. On the regulatory front, SwapsHub is engaged with SEC and CFTC staff on addressing their digital assets' concerns listed on their joint statements covering SEC 15c3-3, SIPA 1970 rules etc. 31Neo Wei Cheong

PhillipCapital

Phillip Futures

neo.distributedledger@gmail.com

Software engineer and solutions architect with many years of experience working on capital market solutions for Equity/OTC derivatives from front-to-back-end systems and in last two years transitioned to full-stack blockchain solutions based on Hyperledger Fabric and its tools. Interested to further expand its use cases to other financial products and market infrastructure. Have experiences on OTC exchange, market making, commodities, FX, machine learning and IoT systems.32[Junji Katto](https://www.linkedin.com/in/junjikatto/)[Itau Unibanco](https://www.itau.com.br/relacoes-com-investidores/Home.aspx?linguagem=en)junji.katto@itau.us10+ years in technology for Finserv. Currently working as Innovation Lead, based out of NYC. Working to change the bank's culture to be more client focus, digital and sustainable. Interested in blockchain / DLT, both public and private, cognitive technologies (augmented intelligence), machine learning, IoT / telematics, open banking, P2P, innovative UX solutions and others. Very much interested in social impact initiatives.33Jim MasonParamount Software /  
Sky Web Teamjim.mason@skywebteam.com

1. 1. Architecture, Project Management Experience: Fidelity Asset Management ( 5 years ), Citizens Bank ( 3 years ), IBM ( 5 years ), CCBS ( 7 years )
   2. Created VINblock solution for DMX - vehicle identity and ownership for cloud dealer marketplace on Fabric
   3. Created DCS solution for DMX - data compliance service for lead management on Fabric
   4. Hyperledger Fabric Documentation team - 3 years
   5. MOBI - Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative - 2 standards committees: Vehicle Identity, Connected Data Marketplace - published [Vehicle Identity Standard](https://dlt.mobi/mobi-blockchain-standards-publications-media/)
   6. Hyperledger SIGs: Capital Markets, Supply Chain, Healthcare, Public Sector
   7. Presentations on enterprise blockchain to: Hyperledger Global Forum, Liveworx, Hyperledger Boston, Hyperledger Puerto Rico, NEMUG
   8. Organizer of the Boston Hyperledger Meetup

34Sanu Satyadarshi  
sanusatyadarshi@gmail.comBlockchain Developer and DevOps Engineer. 35Sivacoumar Tendayoudabany

Gazprombank (Switzerland) Ltd 

Crypto Solvency

coumar.tendayoudabany@gmail.com

Coumar is currently the lead architect for the crypto initiative at Gazprombank (Switzerland). After a decade in FinTech across Europe and Asia, as tech lead, solution architect, business analyst, and project manager, he is maximizing his expertise in Blockchain technology by bridging the gap between traditional and crypto finance.

He has been recognized as a subject matter expert in the Blockchain area and was recently invited to speak on the topic ‘Capturing the Crypto Asset Opportunity’ at the Singapore Avaloq Community Conference. He was also included in a list of European blockchain experts and is the Blockchain vertical lead at the Swiss Fintech Association.

36

[Tareq Assi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tareq-assi)McMaster Universityassitareq@outlook.com/assit@mcmaster.caFinance student at McMaster University. Self-taught in python, C, C++ and various hardware development tools. Has a plethora of experience that ranges from research analysis in the biotech space to strategy consulting and software development. Wants to know more about the blockchain space and has a need to contribute to projects related to blockchain. 37Eugenio ReggianiniKonosko Groupreggianinire@gmail.comCorporate advisor with a past as a corporate lawyer, based in Shanghai. Passionate for DLT permissioned networks in order to empower and support investment operations inbound and outbound China.38Akshaya Ravi[KrypC](http://www.krypc.com)akshaya@krypc.comVice President at KrypC, a domain-agnostic, low-code, lifecycle management solution for any Hyperledger based blockchain program. It addresses all aspects of the lifecycle – Build, Deploy, Manage and Scale.39Sandy AggarwalMizuho Americassandeep.aggarwal@mizuhogroup.comDirector/SVP - Technology &amp; Architecture at Mizuho. Sandy has more than 20 years of systems development &amp; architecture experience with an interest in DLT space since around 2016. I'll like to contribute towards use cases aligned with cash management, payments and documents management within the banking industry. 40David Rowe-FrancisPraxis Compliance Consultants david@praxiscomplianceconsultants.comNon-financial regulatory and compliance risk advisor, to the blockchain, crypto, digital asset and traditional banking communities. David provides advisory on non-financial crime risk management including AML/CFT, ABC, Fraud, Sanctions, Market Abuse, Payment, TM, Trade Finance and Capital Market products (including ISDA). He is passionate about Fiscal inclusion for all, Using innovative technologies and dynamic models to enhance compliance, Ethical Ai/ML, and engaging with diverse thinkers.41Erick de CartyIBMedc@ibm.comInterests lie in Digital Assets, CBDC and helping the Financial Market evolve to make the best use of distributed ledger technology (when it's best applicable).42Bhaskar Ethereumbhaskarvilles.eth@ethereum.emailOpen Source Developer at many public ledgers and Blockchains, interested in building Private and Open distributed technologies across globe for Financial Markets. 43Alfonso GovelaHyperledger Latinoamerica Regional Chapteralfonsogovela@alum.mit.eduFounding Member of Hyperledger Latinoamerica Regional Chapter. Linux Foundation Mentor for Learning Tokens. Interested in Token Economy and use of Token Taxonomy Framework of InterWork Alliance. Contributor to Global Blockchain Business Council in Taxonomy Working Group and Global Standard Mapping Initiative. Member of the FMSIG Mortgage Industry Subgroup.44Guillermo DíazHyperledger LATAMguillermodiazg@live.com.mxFounder Member of the Hyperledger Latin American Chapter and Meetups Leader based in Mexico City45

Kasthuri Rangan Bhaskar

BCT Digitalkrangan.ca@gmail.comB2B Fintech/Regtech Product Leader; Expertise in processes relating to Lending, Loan Monitoring, Credit Risk, Market Risk, Operational Risk &amp; Enterprise Risk; Advising start-ups in block chain related usecases for banking  
46Nasser RahalfazeZEROnasser.rahal@fazeZERO.comFounder, and CEO @ [https://fazezero.com](https://fazezero.com)  Building a Digital Assets Platform, and providing consulting to Financial Institutions for Digital Asset adoption

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:14

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
