1. [Bootcamp - São Paulo (archived)](index.html)
2. [Bootcamp - São Paulo](18874376.html)
3. [Planning!](Planning%21_18874415.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_18874452.html)

# Bootcamp - São Paulo (archived) : 2019-05-24 Meeting notes

Created by Karen Ottoni, last modified on Jun 14, 2019

## Date

24 May 2019

## Attendees

- [Karen Ottoni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:b91a9879-c835-4217-a2e7-e13c7e529f5b?ref=confluence)
- [Jonathan C.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c73f81eb980e54d9e7c593a?ref=confluence)
- [Fernando Cezar Heredia Marino](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b96c05c3e56f62bec08d854?ref=confluence)
- [Fernando Galdino](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cdad1e53-03c5-4552-af3a-837ad56c62db?ref=confluence)
- [Carlos Rischioto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3c88b40a-1c30-4159-a027-d790c411b88c?ref=confluence)
- [Daniela Barbosa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c0f0d72470dea35d6935354?ref=confluence)
- [Maria Teresa Aarao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:2eb9d736-0271-4b45-a276-45e98ab9cbc9?ref=confluence)

## Goals

- Check-in on progress, update on event details and deadlines, set cadence for regular discussion

## Discussion items

ItemWhoNotes

LFID: Does everyone have one? Do you have access to the session leader document?

Karen

- Yes everyone on the call had them set up

Deadline for adding core session leaders is May 28th, must have 10 people by then to officially move forward with BootcampKaren

- We are now at 11 proposed session leaders with a couple more to be added. This is great!
- On the call each person who submitted the session leader introduced the person they proposed and why
- We also had [Maria Teresa Aarao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:2eb9d736-0271-4b45-a276-45e98ab9cbc9?ref=confluence) who goes by "Teca" who joined us for the first time and introduced herself and how she will participate.
- They are a couple speakers who would like to learn Burrow so we should be sure to connect them with that team

Event will be announced on May 31st with marketing and promotion starting then along with registration openingKarenOnce the event is announced we'll need your help in spreading the word! We'll discuss more on our next call  
Visiting venue–need to fill out form firstKarenKaren will finish filling out the form once clarification is provided by Danilo.

## Action items

- [Karen Ottoni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:b91a9879-c835-4217-a2e7-e13c7e529f5b?ref=confluence)finish filling out the form so that local planning committee can visit the location
- [Silona Bonewald](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:60ad7903-c627-4d15-ac02-e45d3098bd8e?ref=confluence) will reach out to each session leader in our list and initiate next steps in connecting them with project maintainers
- [Jonathan C.](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5c73f81eb980e54d9e7c593a?ref=confluence) [Maria Teresa Aarao](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:2eb9d736-0271-4b45-a276-45e98ab9cbc9?ref=confluence) [Carlos Rischioto](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3c88b40a-1c30-4159-a027-d790c411b88c?ref=confluence) [Fernando Cezar Heredia Marino](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b96c05c3e56f62bec08d854?ref=confluence) [Fernando Galdino](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:cdad1e53-03c5-4552-af3a-837ad56c62db?ref=confluence) [Paulo Alberto Simões dos Santos](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:dc72680f-b975-4efd-b846-89113c3903ee?ref=confluence) [Rodrigo LV](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:e1375ce2-9218-40f8-ab0b-87360fd401d0?ref=confluence) please continue to add anyone else you propose into the session leader sheet.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
