WEBVTT

1
00:00:08.940 --> 00:00:28.560
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, welcome to the February 20 a sequel as you are probably all aware and there are two things that you must abide by on this call the first one is the antitrust policy notice that is displayed currently on the screen and the second one is our code of conduct.

2
00:00:28.560 --> 00:00:29.610
Tracy Kuhrt: Which is linked.

3
00:00:29.670 --> 00:00:33.090
Tracy Kuhrt: In the agenda basically says don't be a jerk.

4
00:00:35.190 --> 00:00:43.920
Tracy Kuhrt: I do see that we have some guests on the call today so welcome to every one who has joined you're all welcome to participate in this call.

5
00:00:45.270 --> 00:00:48.690
Tracy Kuhrt: So we will jump straight to our announcements.

6
00:00:49.800 --> 00:01:09.660
Tracy Kuhrt: So the first announcement is one that we see every week here the Dev weekly developer newsletter goes out Friday, and if you are interested in including anything in that newsletter that goes out to hundreds of developers, please leave a comment on the wiki page that is linked the agenda.

7
00:01:11.010 --> 00:01:17.160
Tracy Kuhrt: The second thing we've seen for the last couple weeks it's a call for mentors and projects for the.

8
00:01:19.380 --> 00:01:37.860
Tracy Kuhrt: mentorship program So if you have a particular project proposal that you would like to have considered please add that, before March night and the next one that we have a Jim Thank you so much for creating the issue that we had talked about in our last meeting.

9
00:01:39.300 --> 00:01:52.470
Tracy Kuhrt: for capturing kind of the discussion that we've been having on the project, health and the project reports so if you haven't had a chance to review that issue, yet Please go ahead and do that add any additional thoughts or comments that you might have.

10
00:01:53.550 --> 00:02:12.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Jim would like to try and do this, mostly offline so that we don't have to get together and meetings, but obviously if that's not going to work, we will have to get a task force together to to sync up on how we move forward with the project reports and reporting on project health.

11
00:02:14.370 --> 00:02:16.710
Tracy Kuhrt: The next announcement here is.

12
00:02:19.440 --> 00:02:30.780
Tracy Kuhrt: David sent us out an email on the TC list letting us know that the project and web services document that we had reviewed in past meetings is now currently live and.

13
00:02:31.650 --> 00:02:39.360
Tracy Kuhrt: If you are interested in using any of the services, please reach out to David or the contact mail that's listed on the page.

14
00:02:40.800 --> 00:02:43.980
Tracy Kuhrt: And then the last announcement that I added just this morning.

15
00:02:45.270 --> 00:02:46.920
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm going to let Daniel I talk to you.

16
00:02:48.210 --> 00:02:59.910
Daniela Barbosa: Thank you Tracy, I am very pleased to announce that hartman Curry who many of you have worked with for the last six seven years, seven years.

17
00:03:00.600 --> 00:03:05.460
Daniela Barbosa: has agreed to become our hyper ledger foundation chief technology officer.

18
00:03:06.000 --> 00:03:19.950
Daniela Barbosa: For those of you worked with heart before you know how instrumental and i'll helpful he's been in our Community, and especially on the technical steering committee so i'm very pleased to have the opportunity to announce him yesterday.

19
00:03:20.550 --> 00:03:31.680
Daniela Barbosa: He already spoke at an event last yesterday a Dev week, so we wanted to take advantage of that and tell the greater Open Source developer community that the hyper ledger Foundation has new.

20
00:03:32.070 --> 00:03:43.440
Daniela Barbosa: leadership from a technical perspective so heart i'll let you go ahead and say a few words and kind of maybe share with the rest of the tasc I know you've spoken to many of them a little bit about.

21
00:03:44.220 --> 00:03:53.430
Daniela Barbosa: What you would like to do and, more importantly, what the next steps are and, as of today, you're still Fujitsu employee and participating as a Fujitsu.

22
00:03:54.480 --> 00:04:07.380
Daniela Barbosa: Employee and contributor so over to you heart and, once again, a big welcome to heart, I am delighted beyond belief that hard has joined our Linux foundation staff and look forward to great things from him.

23
00:04:08.100 --> 00:04:24.750
Hart Montgomery: awesome well, thank you to Danielle first for the very kind words i've enjoyed you know, working with you and and really I think a lot of people on this call over the years and i'm excited to have the opportunity to do that more in the future and to help move hyper ledger forward.

24
00:04:25.770 --> 00:04:46.680
Hart Montgomery: So, as such, I will be officially resigning from the tasc after this week, because I cannot be on staff and on the tasc at the same time, I will also be turning over my leadership positions in various projects, and we have.

25
00:04:48.720 --> 00:04:52.740
Hart Montgomery: We have already planted those so i'm optimistic that those will go smoothly.

26
00:04:54.510 --> 00:05:02.490
Hart Montgomery: And yes, so be officially starting next week and i'm looking forward to contributing in a new role and Thank you everyone.

27
00:05:06.180 --> 00:05:14.220
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, thanks, Daniel I think heart congratulations heart on becoming the first cto for hyper ledger foundation.

28
00:05:15.450 --> 00:05:20.520
Tracy Kuhrt: We look forward to working with you and seeing how we can improve as we move forward.

29
00:05:22.470 --> 00:05:31.590
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, any other announcements that anybody has before we move on in the agenda, yes, there you go.

30
00:05:31.920 --> 00:05:42.240
Daniela Barbosa: I just want to reiterate the call for mentorship program and really ask everybody on the tlc and others that are here today to please reach out to.

31
00:05:42.990 --> 00:05:51.060
Daniela Barbosa: Others in your project communities and ask them to take a look at the mentorship program it is really a great opportunity to get.

32
00:05:51.510 --> 00:05:58.350
Daniela Barbosa: A new contributors and developers into our Community, but be things that you want to get done within your projects or your labs.

33
00:05:58.890 --> 00:06:12.660
Daniela Barbosa: So please, if you haven't yet take the time, please reach out to any of us on staff, if you want to talk about what what does it mean what does it mean to be a mentor because it's really important for us to get some great contributors, as part of that process.

34
00:06:15.780 --> 00:06:15.960
Daniela Barbosa: Thank.

35
00:06:16.740 --> 00:06:17.850
Tracy Kuhrt: You Thank you.

36
00:06:18.390 --> 00:06:18.810
baby.

37
00:06:20.610 --> 00:06:33.450
Bobbi Muscara: hi um I just have a question, there seems to be when I was talking about the mentorship program and the call for Community projects, a little overlap on both of those is there a differentiation between the two.

38
00:06:38.340 --> 00:06:40.470
Daniela Barbosa: Bobby are you talking about the hyper ledger challenge.

39
00:06:40.980 --> 00:06:52.800
Bobbi Muscara: yeah the challenge, I mean it's kind of along the same lines is you know, during your time to mentor people, so I was like wondering if there was something different about them, that you know you can talk.

40
00:06:53.370 --> 00:06:59.820
Daniela Barbosa: To their difference there is something you know what's unfortunate is the timing, because I think the timing of it, of one thing.

41
00:07:00.210 --> 00:07:08.640
Daniela Barbosa: right before the other is been the most complete confusing and i'll let David boswell speak to that, but the hyper ledger challenge is a Community lead.

42
00:07:10.560 --> 00:07:18.300
Daniela Barbosa: event, it is not hyper ledger foundation sponsored event, it is the Community has gotten together, and this was.

43
00:07:19.080 --> 00:07:35.130
Daniela Barbosa: Through the leadership of the hyper ledger India regional chapter and the hyper ledger social impact sig and I know some of the other leaders in our Community, have been working for that challenge, so that challenge is a complete it Community developed.

44
00:07:38.430 --> 00:07:56.190
Daniela Barbosa: event and initiative and we think it's fantastic it's really driven a lot of interest, so thank you to those on the phone here that have done that the hyper ledger mentorship program is something that happens every year it is funded, so these in mentees do get a.

45
00:07:59.160 --> 00:08:08.940
Daniela Barbosa: stipend I guess a you know, an internship fee of up to $6,000 and Bobby I know that you participated last year, and you had some of the mentees and your mentor.

46
00:08:09.450 --> 00:08:19.290
Daniela Barbosa: And so that it's a really different project it's yeah and David, I know that you've been addressing this with the Community the same question so i'll let you add anything that you need to add.

47
00:08:20.430 --> 00:08:27.510
David Boswell: Let me just to build on what you said, I mean they are similar them, there are some differences as well, I mean, I think, broadly speaking.

48
00:08:27.900 --> 00:08:35.730
David Boswell: i'm really excited to see that there's more opportunities to mentor people I mean, I think the annual mentorship program that hyper ledger runs is great.

49
00:08:36.300 --> 00:08:46.080
David Boswell: But I think a best practice and open source is to do mentorship you know that's how you share knowledge that's how you bring new people in, you have the people who are in the Community.

50
00:08:46.590 --> 00:08:56.730
David Boswell: who have the expertise and then they hand it off to people so i'm really excited to see additional mentoring opportunities happen as Daniela said that the timing might have been a little bit different.

51
00:08:57.780 --> 00:09:07.590
David Boswell: But i'm really excited to see additional mentoring opportunities, and you know I would personally like to see even more mentoring opportunities throughout the year so for everybody who stepped up and done mentoring.

52
00:09:08.220 --> 00:09:15.030
David Boswell: You know, thank you and, and you know, I think, maybe there's a way that we can make these you know more complimentary with each other, but.

53
00:09:16.290 --> 00:09:22.560
David Boswell: You know i'm glad that the people in the Community who are organizing the challenge are stepping up and doing that, and thank you for providing.

54
00:09:22.980 --> 00:09:25.950
David Boswell: Another opportunity to help bring people into the Community.

55
00:09:26.430 --> 00:09:39.510
David Boswell: And for anybody who is interested in mentoring, you know I would really encouraging current you to look at both opportunities and then maybe we as a tlc can talk about what additional mentoring opportunities we could you know pursue you know later in the year as well.

56
00:09:40.470 --> 00:09:49.320
Bobbi Muscara: Now that's great, thank you for the clarification so um maybe the Community challenge projects could wind up in the mentorship Program.

57
00:09:50.490 --> 00:09:55.470
David Boswell: yeah absolutely I think there's probably a way that we can make these complimentary and have one feed into the other of us.

58
00:09:55.770 --> 00:10:02.730
David Boswell: You know, say hey i'm interested in being a mentor for the challenge, maybe we should email you and let you know about the other mentorship opportunities and vice versa.

59
00:10:04.110 --> 00:10:04.710
Bobbi Muscara: Right, thank you.

60
00:10:05.040 --> 00:10:07.560
Daniela Barbosa: yeah Bobby that's a great idea just you know.

61
00:10:09.510 --> 00:10:13.590
Daniela Barbosa: volunteers who want to be mentors to be able to understand that one could feed into the other.

62
00:10:17.310 --> 00:10:17.700
Tracy Kuhrt: All right.

63
00:10:19.050 --> 00:10:22.500
Tracy Kuhrt: Are there any other announcements anybody has that they'd like to make.

64
00:10:27.120 --> 00:10:30.210
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so see no hands see nobody coming off mute.

65
00:10:31.200 --> 00:10:42.630
Tracy Kuhrt: So we did get three quarterly reports in this week the areas in the report that came in, as well as the aroma report.

66
00:10:43.770 --> 00:11:00.120
Tracy Kuhrt: I did not see any specific questions that were not addressed in the comments on those particular reports but want to give the opportunity here for anybody who has any questions or comments on those reports to offer those now.

67
00:11:06.210 --> 00:11:12.120
Ry Jones: And I see that we have quite a few representatives from a robot on the call so.

68
00:11:13.410 --> 00:11:16.680
Ry Jones: Sarah or if you had anything you wanted to say.

69
00:11:18.330 --> 00:11:24.780
Sara (Iroha): hi no not exactly we just came to just in case, if there are any questions about any clarifications needed also.

70
00:11:25.950 --> 00:11:37.710
Sara (Iroha): I think, on the call is there a new project manager for hyper ledger opportunity I probably he met him on a previous call but, just in case I think it's important to.

71
00:11:38.580 --> 00:11:52.350
Sara (Iroha): I don't know, maybe it's important to say hi so yeah that's one of the biggest changes, I think, but yeah if there are no questions from your side, or something we were here, just in case there are any questions to present the report and.

72
00:11:57.780 --> 00:11:59.370
Tracy Kuhrt: We really appreciate you.

73
00:11:59.880 --> 00:12:03.720
Tracy Kuhrt: Joining these calls after you submit the reports in case there are any questions so.

74
00:12:05.670 --> 00:12:14.400
Tracy Kuhrt: Today doesn't look like we do have any questions for you feel free to stay on the call, though in in contribute to these other discussions as as you see fit.

75
00:12:16.740 --> 00:12:21.060
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, with that and Dimitri welcome to the robot.

76
00:12:21.120 --> 00:12:21.450
To.

77
00:12:23.040 --> 00:12:25.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Her happy to have you as a contributor as well.

78
00:12:26.280 --> 00:12:26.850
Thank you guys.

79
00:12:29.310 --> 00:12:39.150
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, so let's move into our discussion topics The first one is a topic that a rune brought to us, I think I will let me introduce this topic and.

80
00:12:40.230 --> 00:12:41.490
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, start the discussion.

81
00:12:45.150 --> 00:12:46.800
Aruna S M: Thanks Tracy so everyone.

82
00:12:47.610 --> 00:12:49.890
Aruna S M: A quick introduction of what this issue is i'm.

83
00:12:50.100 --> 00:12:53.040
Aruna S M: not exactly sure rather a discussion point.

84
00:12:54.060 --> 00:13:02.070
Aruna S M: So when we were having a discussion with Alfonso for one of the Community event and elephants are suggested that.

85
00:13:03.180 --> 00:13:12.450
Aruna S M: A few folks from cnc F reached out to him and asking how can they get involved with hyper ledger and they have the cloud expertise, they have knowledge on.

86
00:13:13.050 --> 00:13:20.580
Aruna S M: Some other things that may be beneficial and they did not have a starting point for them at on getting involved with hyper ledger itself.

87
00:13:22.170 --> 00:13:26.850
Aruna S M: So I wanted to understand in more depth and that's when our friends have connected with me to.

88
00:13:28.170 --> 00:13:36.600
Aruna S M: Are all who is all on this call, as well, and he will be speaking more about the collaboration opportunities that he has a proposal for.

89
00:13:37.620 --> 00:13:40.230
Aruna S M: So i'll hand it over to roles from.

90
00:13:41.400 --> 00:13:42.750
Aruna S M: is based in California.

91
00:13:46.110 --> 00:13:48.510
Raul Flamenco: Good morning, everyone can you hear me OK.

92
00:13:50.730 --> 00:13:51.300
Aruna S M: Yes, sir.

93
00:13:52.050 --> 00:13:57.720
Raul Flamenco: Excellent well, thank you for the introduction to kind introduction.

94
00:13:59.070 --> 00:14:10.950
Raul Flamenco: My name is Noah flamenco i'm The co organizer of cloud Edison said Oh, this is a Community and El Salvador Central America, up to now, the Community has grown to approximate.

95
00:14:13.230 --> 00:14:36.270
Raul Flamenco: I would say to 280 participants this came as a result of an idea to to do a first communities community, this is a an event that happens in communities in which we can share knowledge about the different projects at cnc F as.

96
00:14:37.320 --> 00:14:47.040
Raul Flamenco: may know, the project of cnc F I started to Cooper next, but since then those projects are more up to, probably at.

97
00:14:47.580 --> 00:15:04.230
Raul Flamenco: And so, for us it was an opportunity to open doors for more talent for Latin America, one of the things that we noticed is that i'm glad that this morning the conversation also happen around mentor ships that's one of the main themes our me constantly alone so.

98
00:15:05.250 --> 00:15:12.030
Raul Flamenco: he's going to be presenting tonight at the other cloud making sense of all, I would like a meetup.

99
00:15:13.110 --> 00:15:13.890
Raul Flamenco: In chair.

100
00:15:14.910 --> 00:15:22.440
Raul Flamenco: The intent is to share more information about hyper ledger and for cnc F to share more about our community as well.

101
00:15:23.220 --> 00:15:34.560
Raul Flamenco: But the main reason why I reached out to Alonso is because I know that he was a mentor for the hyper ledger project, and so, and he happened to be made so.

102
00:15:35.370 --> 00:15:55.470
Raul Flamenco: Unlike another observation was that this project and very visible, so we can tell, for example, with the mentors are with the mentees are what the projects, what are the requirements that's a good thing, but overall, perhaps I haven't looked very deep, but I have.

103
00:15:56.490 --> 00:16:06.780
Raul Flamenco: quite extensively and couldn't find any individual that have completed this budget from Latin America, and the reason why I think I thought that was important, is because, if we have one.

104
00:16:07.560 --> 00:16:23.070
Raul Flamenco: We can invite him on her to talk to the Community and make it easier for the rest of the Members to see the possibility of securing one of those mentorship why because another thing that we notice is that those individuals to complete a mentorship.

105
00:16:24.180 --> 00:16:33.630
Raul Flamenco: Successfully immediately can secure job, a full time job and those jobs can out available anywhere in the world, so the The idea is that, instead of these.

106
00:16:34.110 --> 00:16:41.970
Raul Flamenco: Young people, which is probably a bigger structure that these countries have a walk anywhere from San Salvador to the United States.

107
00:16:42.390 --> 00:16:53.130
Raul Flamenco: thankless job like I did instead of doing that they can do this job from from our sour, so we are working, we try to understand as much as possible about the other projects, so we can open doors for.

108
00:16:53.730 --> 00:17:14.520
Raul Flamenco: For these individuals, one of the things that we are encouraging them as well, is to participate on cucumber cucumber happens once a year and North America, and once a year and you're the next one, he doesn't finance yeah he made, and so we encouraging those students to apply for.

109
00:17:15.600 --> 00:17:28.590
Raul Flamenco: scholarships to travel to to Valencia last year in October, we have one student from El Salvador, who attended coupon in Los Angeles, and so he is one of the co organizers.

110
00:17:29.160 --> 00:17:39.930
Raul Flamenco: For for the Community as well, so any conversations with alonzo with that possibly you know thinking about doing a Cuban 80s Community I joined me.

111
00:17:41.010 --> 00:17:47.310
Raul Flamenco: But again, that is a process just the conversation right now that needs to be developed, perhaps you would.

112
00:17:48.450 --> 00:17:54.060
Raul Flamenco: improve tonight during the art presentation and so we're looking forward to that Thank you.

113
00:17:59.760 --> 00:18:00.240
Tracy Kuhrt: Daniel.

114
00:18:01.980 --> 00:18:10.860
Daniela Barbosa: role, thank you for coming and speaking with us that's fantastic and it's so great to see Alfonso and you connect and really expand and we do.

115
00:18:11.220 --> 00:18:20.400
Daniela Barbosa: Some other collaborations across other projects, I know the Linux foundation Open Source summit virtual in Latin America is coming and we're going to be participating and are asking.

116
00:18:21.840 --> 00:18:31.350
Daniela Barbosa: Our Latin America community to present at that as well, or, to put in their CFP for that as well, so we'd love to work with you, David I don't know if you have.

117
00:18:31.860 --> 00:18:42.630
Daniela Barbosa: touched base on with Alfonso this but David and I will reach out to you roll if if that's okay and and work with Alfonso in yourself to see how we can assist.

118
00:18:44.460 --> 00:18:44.910
Raul Flamenco: Thank you.

119
00:18:48.990 --> 00:18:50.700
Tracy Kuhrt: Great any other.

120
00:18:51.330 --> 00:18:53.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Questions or comments.

121
00:18:53.760 --> 00:19:00.600
Tracy Kuhrt: were all around you know ways in which we might make hyper ledger stronger across the globe.

122
00:19:02.250 --> 00:19:02.610
Tracy Kuhrt: A room.

123
00:19:04.320 --> 00:19:15.840
Aruna S M: So I guess we're all probably short sold himself on on this call, but when I had a call with him last week he actually proposed many other ideas as well, so one of the ideas were.

124
00:19:16.410 --> 00:19:23.640
Aruna S M: The expertise that cnc F Community brings in and some of the projects that we have in hyper ledger around tooling.

125
00:19:24.360 --> 00:19:34.440
Aruna S M: which could highly beneficial and benefit from those expertise that the same safe communities can bring in, but the question, however, he had was how do we.

126
00:19:35.160 --> 00:19:44.070
Aruna S M: train them, how do we bring them up to speed, so that they can be contributors to these these projects and Raul also suggested, maybe told that.

127
00:19:44.970 --> 00:19:57.360
Aruna S M: They are highly enthusiastic in learning and getting involved with hyper ledger especially blockchain ecosystem and trust hyper ledger to be a one such unreal our ecosystem, which they should get involved.

128
00:19:58.440 --> 00:20:11.460
Aruna S M: And we can look for ways of building Community around projects such as bevel cielo and any other tooling projects that we have right, including caliper.

129
00:20:12.180 --> 00:20:19.560
Aruna S M: I guess that's a great opportunity if if we can connect maintenance of those projects are probably plan around some activities around that.

130
00:20:22.710 --> 00:20:25.350
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I completely agree room, I think this is a.

131
00:20:25.980 --> 00:20:40.170
Tracy Kuhrt: Call right that maybe it wasn't strong enough, but I pick a call to all of the maintainer of the different projects that if you're interested in getting more contributors, this might be a way to do that I.

132
00:20:40.650 --> 00:20:58.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Working with the Latin American Community working with rahul and afonso to make that happen right that there's a desire for learning there's a desire for mentorship there's a desire to get people aware of the projects within hyper ledger.

133
00:21:01.530 --> 00:21:14.640
Tracy Kuhrt: Right Daniel you still have your hand up I don't know that was just a holdover or Thank you um any other comments or questions that we would like to the actual while he's on the call with us.

134
00:21:22.680 --> 00:21:29.760
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, seeing, then I will again thank role for his time for coming to speak to us, I.

135
00:21:30.570 --> 00:21:43.770
Tracy Kuhrt: I hope that this starts to get the call out to a number of different folks to really start to engage more and i'm hoping that there's a lot more conversation is going to happen after this particular call.

136
00:21:45.930 --> 00:21:46.680
Raul Flamenco: Thank you Tracy.

137
00:21:47.580 --> 00:21:53.820
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so with that then let's transition to our next discussion topic.

138
00:21:55.020 --> 00:22:04.350
Tracy Kuhrt: So grace has been leading a task force, and specifically on what is the right direction for our chat system.

139
00:22:04.800 --> 00:22:18.510
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm going to hand this over to grace even I didn't tell her, I was going to do that, but hopefully she knew that this was coming handed off degrees, to have a conversation around the proposal that she has put forth to the gst.

140
00:22:20.100 --> 00:22:21.540
Grace Hartley: cool yes, I was expecting this.

141
00:22:23.340 --> 00:22:34.290
Grace Hartley: Thanks receipt no yeah no thanks for I can share my screen if that's helpful i'll drop the link in the chat I did share this in the TC email last week so happy to.

142
00:22:36.900 --> 00:22:40.710
Grace Hartley: You know I hope folks have had a chance to review, but maybe i'll just give like.

143
00:22:41.610 --> 00:22:48.750
Grace Hartley: A three to five minute spiel of kind of the process that we went through and who we talked to, and the proposal at hand and then i'll.

144
00:22:49.830 --> 00:22:54.930
Grace Hartley: Then, obviously open up to questions and all that, so let me share my screen, just in case.

145
00:22:56.070 --> 00:22:59.040
Grace Hartley: So i'm sure you guys are many of you remember.

146
00:23:00.120 --> 00:23:12.090
Grace Hartley: A few months ago we were originally supposed to transition hyper ledger from rocket chat to element or matrix chat channel that didn't pan out for various reasons.

147
00:23:12.810 --> 00:23:19.590
Grace Hartley: So in that kind of decision or we decided that it might make sense to kind of do a broader evaluation of the chat channel.

148
00:23:19.980 --> 00:23:32.790
Grace Hartley: system understand what hyper ledger is communities use the chat channel services for who uses it what uses it whether the strengths weaknesses and all that, so there was a group of tasks were set up as as Tracy mentioned.

149
00:23:33.540 --> 00:23:38.790
Grace Hartley: With participants across several of the different projects, including many of you here, so thank you for your time.

150
00:23:40.320 --> 00:23:45.450
Grace Hartley: And we can do that together and wanting to understand what are the challenges, what are we think you know.

151
00:23:46.110 --> 00:23:52.410
Grace Hartley: What what does hyper ledger need kind of for this next phase for communication, so you can see here in the.

152
00:23:53.010 --> 00:23:57.660
Grace Hartley: The task force page if you all were interested, you can see kind of our notes on the left side.

153
00:23:58.050 --> 00:24:04.530
Grace Hartley: From our meetings, you can see our interview questions and the different responses from all the different groups, we talked to if you're curious.

154
00:24:05.280 --> 00:24:16.320
Grace Hartley: So after that process we've run over the last couple months and gathering feedback we are recommending that hybrid your transition to discord and we put together this proposal in front of you.

155
00:24:17.730 --> 00:24:24.960
Grace Hartley: So I think you know one thing that we realized, you know we wanted to ask the question, is it really worth moving at all.

156
00:24:25.620 --> 00:24:31.650
Grace Hartley: And you know is rocket chat working just fine for everybody and we're trying to solve their problem that isn't there.

157
00:24:32.130 --> 00:24:46.950
Grace Hartley: And I think you know the group would agree that we definitely saw several like significant challenges that the Community Members have had with rocket chat generally, particularly with onboarding user experience so using a you know lf ID to join.

158
00:24:48.330 --> 00:24:52.350
Grace Hartley: Having many challenges else be outdated or used.

159
00:24:53.700 --> 00:25:02.190
Grace Hartley: It is costly platform all those challenges were kind of identified and we decided that it made sense to to pretend to recommend discord.

160
00:25:03.600 --> 00:25:13.410
Grace Hartley: Like discord You might ask, so one we got feedback from the group that in the Community members it's easy to use, so the onboarding is much more seamless and then rocket chat.

161
00:25:14.790 --> 00:25:22.770
Grace Hartley: To there's some familiar to some familiarity already across the Community lots of people are to use it, so that was promising as well that you know they want to feel hot.

162
00:25:23.160 --> 00:25:33.750
Grace Hartley: A steep learning curve for the communities and then third is cheaper than rocket chat I did link here, you know, there is a feature comparison if you're so inclined to look.

163
00:25:35.580 --> 00:25:43.590
Grace Hartley: As a part of the task force, we also you know realize it's not just a recommendation, but how do we make this an easy process or how would you recommend the tlc.

164
00:25:46.770 --> 00:25:56.550
Grace Hartley: I guess approve, you know the migration, because you know it's not just saying here's new chat channel go but lets you know, make sure we're being very conscientious and moving everyone.

165
00:25:58.320 --> 00:26:07.650
Grace Hartley: You know I guess high communication manner so here's our recommendations on the migration, and you know what communication should be sent, and potential timelines.

166
00:26:09.630 --> 00:26:12.150
Grace Hartley: We also recommend you know some channel cleanup which.

167
00:26:13.260 --> 00:26:18.270
Grace Hartley: And how we would kind of take the opportunity to recommend different channel organizations and naming.

168
00:26:19.710 --> 00:26:28.260
Grace Hartley: Including you know how we would recommend each of them be consistent so every time you're looking for a new channel or or you're familiar with one project, but you might not know the other one.

169
00:26:28.860 --> 00:26:32.940
Grace Hartley: or might not know you know where to find the other one will be easy to find because you know.

170
00:26:33.510 --> 00:26:38.550
Grace Hartley: i'm familiar with basic contributors, if I want to find the contributors fabric, I just looked up fabric contributors, for example.

171
00:26:39.090 --> 00:26:48.120
Grace Hartley: So just kind of some general cleanup here on how we can better manage the chat system around the chat channel expectations, you know we did have a conversation, as a group.

172
00:26:49.140 --> 00:26:49.890
Grace Hartley: Around.

173
00:26:51.240 --> 00:27:10.200
Grace Hartley: You know, maybe we should have multiple chat chat channels or how should we, you know best serve our Community, and we think that it made the most sense to have one chat channel be the home and recommended place for for the Community broadly so that's just kind of written out here.

174
00:27:11.550 --> 00:27:14.010
Grace Hartley: We also you know recommended that the tlc.

175
00:27:16.500 --> 00:27:22.950
Grace Hartley: helps kind of oversee the the migration path so we're able to understand you know how it's gone ask questions.

176
00:27:23.460 --> 00:27:32.850
Grace Hartley: Of the projects of how the migration has gone just to make sure we're keeping a pulse of you know we're not losing Community members through that process and then at the bottom here just kind of a.

177
00:27:34.200 --> 00:27:35.790
Grace Hartley: faq so you know.

178
00:27:39.420 --> 00:27:42.120
Grace Hartley: That we thought might be helpful as well, so I think that's.

179
00:27:43.590 --> 00:27:51.060
Grace Hartley: I think that's all maybe i'll pause and say does anyone from the task force want to speak up or add anything that I haven't mentioned here.

180
00:27:59.130 --> 00:28:06.240
Grace Hartley: Okay, so yeah so then if if no other additions right at miss anything important maybe we'll take questions or feedback.

181
00:28:11.310 --> 00:28:11.640
Tracy Kuhrt: You.

182
00:28:13.860 --> 00:28:18.240
Peter Somogyvari: Should sorry it's not a question I just reached a mute button in time.

183
00:28:19.710 --> 00:28:26.910
Peter Somogyvari: So I wanted to get this little extra information that was important to me about discord net it does support.

184
00:28:28.170 --> 00:28:36.420
Peter Somogyvari: Linking specific messages externally, as in my http links that you can post elsewhere, such as on github.

185
00:28:37.950 --> 00:28:44.220
Peter Somogyvari: And this for me was very important, so I figured out additionally I like this is what other things.

186
00:28:46.500 --> 00:28:46.920
Peter Somogyvari: Thank you.

187
00:28:48.030 --> 00:28:48.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks, Peter.

188
00:28:49.710 --> 00:28:54.420
Tracy Kuhrt: So any discussion from the tsp members, he.

189
00:28:55.560 --> 00:29:00.720
Tracy Kuhrt: concerns with the proposal any sort of things that we should think about.

190
00:29:01.770 --> 00:29:05.040
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, this is the expectation here, I think, is that.

191
00:29:06.960 --> 00:29:20.910
Tracy Kuhrt: You know the TC it's going to end up very on this proposal, to see if it's something that we would like to do or not, so I think this is our time to discuss before we get to the process of only yay or nay Jim.

192
00:29:22.560 --> 00:29:38.910
Jim Zhang: yeah no question for me just want to thank the grace and the task forces for getting this and Rye for sending things up, at least from the fireflies communities point of view we've been using extensively for discussions and notify very smooth experience.

193
00:29:42.990 --> 00:29:43.440
let's jump.

194
00:29:49.680 --> 00:29:56.520
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm finding it really hard to believe that there's no sort of discussion or commentary that people want to have or no.

195
00:29:57.270 --> 00:30:06.810
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah are you expecting to have some kind of trial period I mean honestly i've never used this code, I have no idea what this is going to be like.

196
00:30:09.330 --> 00:30:11.460
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I know my son was a teenager uses.

197
00:30:12.840 --> 00:30:15.660
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): that's the extent of how much I know about it.

198
00:30:17.730 --> 00:30:34.170
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I know there has been a test server set up that a few of the folks on the task force have been using Jim just mentioned they've been transitioning their stuff over on the firefly side to have discussions to see how it's working.

199
00:30:35.880 --> 00:30:45.570
Tracy Kuhrt: So I don't know that in the plan we had any sort of trial period specifically focused on this grief thoughts on that.

200
00:30:48.720 --> 00:30:48.990
Grace Hartley: yeah.

201
00:30:49.170 --> 00:30:58.320
Grace Hartley: We actually mentioned this in the task force meeting, and we have the same question and we kind of decided that we because we've been got ongoing the.

202
00:31:00.480 --> 00:31:13.560
Grace Hartley: kind of pilot phase over the last few months, with different projects have seen it out, you know the space being worked on, you know cactus and firefly have been using it kind of doesn't need that as as appropriate enough, you know pilot to make sure it works for us.

203
00:31:14.670 --> 00:31:18.180
Grace Hartley: yeah I think they know you're going to pick up so.

204
00:31:18.900 --> 00:31:23.910
Danno Ferrin: yeah the basic TIM did kind of a little quick pilot, and you know, he said, oh, we need to wait until there is a.

205
00:31:23.940 --> 00:31:32.760
Danno Ferrin: form of thing before we get back to it, and all the maintainer Czar like where do we go back when can we cut back so there's a lot of support at least invasive and part of that stems from the main that part of a soup.

206
00:31:33.210 --> 00:31:46.800
Danno Ferrin: haven't meaning interact with the research discord most of the theory of main that a theory of type II teams and projects have all moved the discord for the most part and it's a lot better user experience than rocket chat.

207
00:31:47.970 --> 00:31:55.320
Danno Ferrin: it's you know there's a i've never had it actually logged me out and never had it miss messages on the phone, there was a PR that went out.

208
00:31:55.680 --> 00:32:08.550
Danno Ferrin: That because I didn't see that my phone, I was unable to review it and it got forgotten about so there's you know and there's a lot more active development going on a discord that there is the rocket chat servers and rocket chat clients, so I think we just get into the whole issue of.

209
00:32:10.380 --> 00:32:13.440
Danno Ferrin: The winners win more, and you know there's exponential.

210
00:32:13.860 --> 00:32:19.800
Danno Ferrin: You know that the power of the network is greater, the more people you get you know the whole is greater than some parts by the network effect mom.

211
00:32:20.070 --> 00:32:28.140
Danno Ferrin: So I think that's a lot of that benefit, we would read by going to discord as a lot of the stability and ease of use, we just get secondarily because.

212
00:32:28.560 --> 00:32:37.950
Danno Ferrin: Of the larger discord Community versus rocket chat which is quickly becoming an also ran in the in the ephemeral chat race it's as quickly consolidating is what I see going on.

213
00:32:40.110 --> 00:32:51.300
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I mean my concern honestly, you know it's, not even for me personally, I actually believe that i'm fairly flexible for this kind of stuff I just am used to make do, of whatever but.

214
00:32:52.080 --> 00:33:02.670
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): We we've been through this before, where we said oh let's switch to you know element and then people say, oh no, no, I don't like it, and so my concern is you know.

215
00:33:03.150 --> 00:33:12.870
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I would like to make sure we're not going to end up with it well there's one project who doesn't like it, and then we end up with yet another situation where some people and.

216
00:33:13.260 --> 00:33:23.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Say hey this sucks we should move to this other new stuff that's much better right and and so that's My only concern here is, you know.

217
00:33:23.790 --> 00:33:30.360
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Are we can feed them that just because they are, and you know I don't mean to disregard the the.

218
00:33:30.900 --> 00:33:45.390
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Report from the the people were on the task force very willing to take your word for it, but you know we are basically being asked to decide for the whole Community, and I don't know that you know I can do that.

219
00:33:46.680 --> 00:33:51.900
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): With the the convenience that yeah everybody's going to like it that's all.

220
00:33:51.930 --> 00:33:52.770
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Those comments are.

221
00:33:53.640 --> 00:33:58.890
Danno Ferrin: The common element was it wasn't gonna be able to scale and the resources that were put on the scale it had gotten taken off.

222
00:33:59.370 --> 00:34:14.040
Danno Ferrin: So it wasn't that one project or one team said no, I don't like element is that element couldn't handle the level of LM was going to put on it so that's one thing discord does have solved and solving the issue that we were having with our transition directly.

223
00:34:16.230 --> 00:34:16.530
Tracy Kuhrt: Jim.

224
00:34:18.300 --> 00:34:29.190
Jim Zhang: yeah I just want to stress the fact that we've had really good experience we are our team was very reluctant to use rocket chat because it was.

225
00:34:29.610 --> 00:34:47.580
Jim Zhang: It was a very bad experience because we're used to using slack which, as you guys know is very smooth but using discord, we can say it offers equal by comparable experience as a commercial product with with with slack.

226
00:34:49.080 --> 00:34:57.690
Jim Zhang: So I think to to our nose point as far as the user experience girl is probably the best out there.

227
00:34:58.170 --> 00:35:15.000
Jim Zhang: And then it's obviously very easy for a new project like firefly to pick up this Bingo so the concern with migration I think teams like fabric, which has a very significant falling back in a rocket chat.

228
00:35:16.260 --> 00:35:24.300
Jim Zhang: Probably should should weighing on on the cost of migration, which you know, obviously firefighting wouldn't wouldn't have a problem for.

229
00:35:27.060 --> 00:35:28.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Jim right.

230
00:35:29.340 --> 00:35:39.420
Ry Jones: Sure, I just wanted to bring up two things one Daniel already touched on the reason matrix didn't work out was because of a change of priorities at that lf.

231
00:35:40.560 --> 00:35:45.000
Ry Jones: And I, I know I say this, all the time, but we already have multiple.

232
00:35:46.500 --> 00:35:55.440
Ry Jones: chat platforms, we already have a Rojas on telegram and all of our Chinese community is on wechat.

233
00:35:56.610 --> 00:36:02.250
Ry Jones: So we we already have that that issue before us, so you know.

234
00:36:03.600 --> 00:36:05.160
Ry Jones: Anyway, that's all I got.

235
00:36:05.610 --> 00:36:09.360
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): But, so let me ask a follow up question, then, if I may interject I mean.

236
00:36:09.780 --> 00:36:14.940
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Is the expectation that those groups will be able to use this code and be happy to.

237
00:36:17.100 --> 00:36:24.960
Ry Jones: I hope that I hope, so I hope it's good enough that we can pull some of that traffic over but.

238
00:36:25.980 --> 00:36:31.860
Ry Jones: I think you know with wechat that's going to be a very long and difficult road.

239
00:36:33.840 --> 00:36:41.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Okay, but at least be interesting to know if they would be willing to let go of telegram.

240
00:36:43.680 --> 00:36:44.070
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): anyway.

241
00:36:45.480 --> 00:36:55.080
David Boswell: And that's certainly something we'll need to do, I mean, I think, as grace was saying it's not like we just say yes, this is the proposal we're done and then that's the end of it there's kind of a.

242
00:36:55.470 --> 00:37:02.460
David Boswell: process that will go on after we make a decision, I think, to make sure that people are encouraged and helped to move over.

243
00:37:03.720 --> 00:37:13.470
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, i'm gonna i'm gonna break in here guys and say, if you do have a comment to make, please raise your hand because we do have a Q already have people who are looking to make comments on this topic.

244
00:37:14.670 --> 00:37:15.450
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

245
00:37:17.310 --> 00:37:27.420
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, obviously we do have the arrowhead team on the call, they can also raise their hand and make comments on this as well, but i'm ready to call her has had his hand up for quite some time.

246
00:37:28.110 --> 00:37:31.620
Hart Montgomery: awesome Thank you Tracy so I just want to point out that anecdotally.

247
00:37:33.390 --> 00:37:41.400
Hart Montgomery: David Peter and I gave a talk at developer week yesterday and we were explicitly asked if there was a discord Community for cactus.

248
00:37:42.180 --> 00:37:51.660
Hart Montgomery: So people who aren't familiar with hyper ledger but are sort of interested in the block chain space, you know are familiar with this court, they have discord.

249
00:37:52.170 --> 00:38:07.020
Hart Montgomery: And they're asking if we have discord communities, I think we all laughed on stage when we are at least the virtual stage and we got this question because it was so relevant to what we've been talking about.

250
00:38:08.100 --> 00:38:18.510
Hart Montgomery: So I think that just sort of galvanized my opinion a little bit on this that I think this is a great thing to do, because people outside of hyper ledger expect it.

251
00:38:21.540 --> 00:38:21.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks.

252
00:38:22.890 --> 00:38:23.130
Tracy Kuhrt: hey.

253
00:38:25.260 --> 00:38:34.650
Dave Enyeart: Jim asked about projects like fabric that have a long history on rocket chat and i've I can't talk to everybody, of course, in the fabric world, but I have talked to a few people and.

254
00:38:35.070 --> 00:38:51.270
Dave Enyeart: I think we'd be very happy to make the switch actually even with you know, having to pull over legacy users from rocket chat one of the other problems, besides just the technology is you know the, the number of channels that we've had we've created way too many in the early days.

255
00:38:52.530 --> 00:38:58.500
Dave Enyeart: And I think that new structure that's proposed here is very good in terms of having one general channel.

256
00:38:59.130 --> 00:39:08.310
Dave Enyeart: One for contributors and one for announcements I think that's going to make things a lot easier, so at least myself another maintainer i've talked to from fabric would be very happy with us.

257
00:39:10.530 --> 00:39:11.580
Tracy Kuhrt: Today, Jim.

258
00:39:12.360 --> 00:39:24.270
Jim Zhang: yeah thanks Tracy I just want to clarify one thing, because the question of the telegram came up my understanding is as far as what hyper ledger is paying for and making available to Members.

259
00:39:24.780 --> 00:39:44.370
Jim Zhang: We chat sorry rocket chat was the only thing right and we're switching to discord so if others are still wanting to do other platforms I don't know if that's a that's a problem we should worry about as part of the the consideration for the for the migration.

260
00:39:46.260 --> 00:39:55.650
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I would just add on for for our number six and he doesn't have to jump in here, but I think that the concern if I heard correctly from on how is more around.

261
00:39:57.330 --> 00:40:10.200
Tracy Kuhrt: This idea of are we going to fracture the Community even more right, so we already have a fractured community as far as chat is concerned, are we going to fracture and even more people are not willing to move over to discord.

262
00:40:11.340 --> 00:40:13.560
Tracy Kuhrt: As the platform Peter.

263
00:40:17.460 --> 00:40:23.190
Peter Somogyvari: Thank you Tracy just a quick point extra on what or no said, which is.

264
00:40:24.330 --> 00:40:35.910
Peter Somogyvari: All it, how do we know if people will be willing to migrate from their existing other chat platforms and I fought about the same thing, but then eventually arrived solution that.

265
00:40:37.200 --> 00:40:38.490
Peter Somogyvari: We don't but.

266
00:40:39.660 --> 00:40:53.040
Peter Somogyvari: I am very confident personally, let me have a much better chance convincing them to migrate over to just code and we had a chat just because of the because of all the reasons that everybody else has mentioned already.

267
00:40:55.770 --> 00:40:56.310
Thanks Peter.

268
00:40:59.220 --> 00:41:01.440
Sara (Iroha): hi so yeah we use.

269
00:41:02.880 --> 00:41:13.500
Sara (Iroha): We use bridge to bridge rocket chat with telegram and get her, so I think that at this point rockin chat is the least used chat.

270
00:41:13.920 --> 00:41:26.010
Sara (Iroha): I think so, and I understand why I, personally, I every it took me like a couple of weeks to understand how to log in with lf ID that you need to log in and then just close this.

271
00:41:26.700 --> 00:41:37.770
Sara (Iroha): Second window, and only then you will be redirected so it was a little bit tricky and yeah overall it's like it's a little bit difficult and I read that it might not be the best idea and.

272
00:41:38.280 --> 00:41:51.630
Sara (Iroha): yeah, but the question is i'm looking at different options for breaching this court with other other chats have you researched the options to bridge the chance together somehow maybe.

273
00:41:55.380 --> 00:41:58.410
Tracy Kuhrt: As far as I know, Sarah that is not the case.

274
00:41:59.430 --> 00:42:05.790
Tracy Kuhrt: I know we have two hands up already, but I don't know if any of the other Task Force Members have done any research on bridges.

275
00:42:10.080 --> 00:42:10.410
Sara (Iroha): don't.

276
00:42:10.620 --> 00:42:12.540
Grace Hartley: Just sorry go ahead.

277
00:42:13.560 --> 00:42:15.960
Sara (Iroha): Sorry yeah it's just seems like there are some bridges.

278
00:42:16.800 --> 00:42:22.680
Sara (Iroha): On discord is very popular so it might be easier to find options for this part as well.

279
00:42:23.970 --> 00:42:27.390
Sara (Iroha): But if we will it be okay, if not everyone is on this for.

280
00:42:31.800 --> 00:42:35.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Sure we're gonna jump in i'm sorry oh.

281
00:42:35.640 --> 00:42:36.270
Grace Hartley: Sorry guys.

282
00:42:38.880 --> 00:42:50.610
Grace Hartley: We didn't do too much research i'll drop in the chat it looks like there is a bridging option documentation between discord and and telegram This is just my Google search really quickly, but the goal and.

283
00:42:52.260 --> 00:42:53.430
Grace Hartley: The goal is to have.

284
00:42:55.440 --> 00:42:59.130
Grace Hartley: All of the projects and the hyper ledger Community operate on one chat channel.

285
00:42:59.640 --> 00:43:11.220
Grace Hartley: i'm sure we can we'd love to talk to the robot team and kind of work through what that means for you all, specifically, but I think the goal is definitely just just 111 channel but.

286
00:43:12.090 --> 00:43:23.160
Grace Hartley: and happy to kind of talk through you know discord with you all in and see if it meets your needs, but there is like just to be clear, it looks like doing a Google search, you can have a bridge.

287
00:43:24.510 --> 00:43:25.860
Grace Hartley: But so enough to validate that.

288
00:43:26.850 --> 00:43:27.960
Sara (Iroha): Not a things.

289
00:43:29.610 --> 00:43:30.330
Tracy Kuhrt: Right or no.

290
00:43:31.800 --> 00:43:40.350
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So I think grace kind of answered indirectly my question, but I want to make a tea, I mean the expectation is that rocket chat will be sunset.

291
00:43:43.890 --> 00:43:44.700
Tracy Kuhrt: station yes.

292
00:43:44.880 --> 00:43:45.390
Right.

293
00:43:47.130 --> 00:43:53.340
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So is there, like a timeframe, we would i'm sorry if you mentioned this, I may have missed it but.

294
00:43:56.700 --> 00:44:00.750
Grace Hartley: I believe we have it in the puzzle sorry i'm answering the questions I hope that's okay Tracy top.

295
00:44:01.710 --> 00:44:02.040
Grace Hartley: my head.

296
00:44:03.480 --> 00:44:03.720
Grace Hartley: But.

297
00:44:04.830 --> 00:44:05.190
Grace Hartley: So.

298
00:44:06.780 --> 00:44:23.250
Grace Hartley: So what we do is we have kind of a 30 6090 day review process for the task force to go through the migration, I believe we give i'm just looking at the plan we have a one month transition timeline is what we propose now of like here's when the original communication goes out we send.

299
00:44:24.450 --> 00:44:29.010
Grace Hartley: We include the communications of the migration in discord rocket chat.

300
00:44:29.640 --> 00:44:41.010
Grace Hartley: mailing list you know all the other kind of the website all those sort of things, but the plan is for it to be a one month transition I think we're open to feedback on that, though, if if people think it should be longer.

301
00:44:44.310 --> 00:44:54.120
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Because usually good to have kind of an overlap, just to tell people who go to the old sister right hey don't come here anymore go over there.

302
00:44:55.950 --> 00:45:02.640
Grace Hartley: yeah exactly yeah so that's what that transition would be so it would be starting to say go to discord go to discord here's the new.

303
00:45:02.640 --> 00:45:05.310
Grace Hartley: trend going over all going here yeah exactly yep.

304
00:45:06.240 --> 00:45:22.440
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): But so okay i'm happy with that, but you know we don't want to end up with what was just talked about earlier, where we would have added discord and then we still get stuck with rocket chat because some projects and know.

305
00:45:26.790 --> 00:45:30.210
Ry Jones: If I might that there are other external forces.

306
00:45:31.980 --> 00:45:32.760
Ry Jones: That are.

307
00:45:34.050 --> 00:45:42.420
Ry Jones: The lf spends a lot of money and effort to keep rocket chat running rocket chat is the last service that's on the previous.

308
00:45:44.550 --> 00:45:45.450
Ry Jones: off and stack.

309
00:45:46.590 --> 00:45:55.590
Ry Jones: So there's a lot of internal pressure to and rocket chat does not support the new author and stack that all the other every other property, the Ls runs does.

310
00:45:57.240 --> 00:46:01.110
Ry Jones: So there is pressure to move off of rocket chat.

311
00:46:02.160 --> 00:46:04.950
Ry Jones: For you know external reasons as well and.

312
00:46:06.060 --> 00:46:09.600
Ry Jones: there's there's more to that as well, there are a lot of bugs.

313
00:46:10.890 --> 00:46:18.630
Ry Jones: A lot of long standing bugs that have not been fixed in rocket chat and we don't have the developer bandwidth to go fix so there's.

314
00:46:21.210 --> 00:46:26.760
Ry Jones: we're highly incentivized to move off of rocket we the Linux foundation are highly incentivized to move off of rocket chat.

315
00:46:27.630 --> 00:46:30.540
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): sounds good, and I haven't heard anybody say no, I love.

316
00:46:31.560 --> 00:46:43.890
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): To stay on it so maybe this is irrelevant that this, this is a non issue, but I just want to make sure this was part of the plan that we would indeed pull the plug on rocket chat so thank you.

317
00:46:45.570 --> 00:46:51.450
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I know it's probably worthwhile worthwhile to mention that at least here in the plan right that that is the case.

318
00:46:52.530 --> 00:47:03.390
Tracy Kuhrt: I think that you know, obviously, was an assumption that all of the task force Members had but didn't necessarily include it as a statement specifically but definitely should be included.

319
00:47:04.950 --> 00:47:05.910
Tracy Kuhrt: A room.

320
00:47:07.410 --> 00:47:16.830
Aruna S M: So, I guess, we can divide that into two sets of user right those who regularly come and visit these channels So these are contributors and.

321
00:47:17.220 --> 00:47:22.050
Aruna S M: willing to be maintained our it's kind of people and those who are just looking for help on these projects.

322
00:47:22.620 --> 00:47:37.800
Aruna S M: And since we are going to retire i'm assuming that we are going to cite chat not hyper ledger.org and redirect that to discard directly when we start migration and those people who still have bookmark the old next ongoing to rocket chart.

323
00:47:39.270 --> 00:47:45.570
Aruna S M: We make a look, for I mean we need a plan for them, I guess, one month period should still be good for them.

324
00:47:49.590 --> 00:47:53.970
Aruna S M: I mean is that a good understanding that I have, or is it different from.

325
00:47:55.680 --> 00:48:03.180
Aruna S M: I know I was part of the task force, but this is something that I did not find a fine answer for in this proposal.

326
00:48:04.620 --> 00:48:05.280
Tracy Kuhrt: So.

327
00:48:05.550 --> 00:48:17.250
Tracy Kuhrt: grace, I think the proposal says that we will add messages to the different chat channels on rocket chat to let them know that the system is being migrated over to discord.

328
00:48:18.270 --> 00:48:21.060
Tracy Kuhrt: Right there's an faq here that says that.

329
00:48:22.080 --> 00:48:24.360
Tracy Kuhrt: We can sort of redirect.

330
00:48:25.530 --> 00:48:36.510
Tracy Kuhrt: The chat that hyper ledger.org to discord server so I assume Those are the two kind of things that will be doing in order to make sure that people find the chat system.

331
00:48:37.770 --> 00:48:40.410
Ry Jones: yeah, so there are.

332
00:48:41.700 --> 00:48:52.650
Ry Jones: I have so number one rocket chat goes read only and is still available for searching for some period of time, a few months, or whatever.

333
00:48:53.880 --> 00:49:04.140
Ry Jones: But on the front page when you when you get there you'll get a pop up saying hey just because it was a movie you know, have a link I just put a link in the dsc channel to the invite the self serve invite for discord.

334
00:49:04.980 --> 00:49:17.760
Ry Jones: And then later once rocket chat has actually turned off completely we would just do like an engine X, you know redirect over to the to that URL so people could join or something of that nature.

335
00:49:27.030 --> 00:49:36.000
Kamlesh Nagware: So i'm planning to take a backup of marketing because mostly community, the further rocket chat reverse communication chance to.

336
00:49:37.410 --> 00:49:50.670
Kamlesh Nagware: Any kind of solution or some problem there, so if you move to the new discord Channel and the people who are looking to all the messages for solving their problem so.

337
00:49:50.850 --> 00:49:53.850
Kamlesh Nagware: Maybe, like to make it available for read only or maybe.

338
00:49:54.990 --> 00:50:05.160
Kamlesh Nagware: After a few times, a few months, we can take complete back and put somewhere so it's always available to the Community something can be done, like that thing.

339
00:50:06.330 --> 00:50:08.910
Ry Jones: So I did this when we transition to slack.

340
00:50:10.140 --> 00:50:12.870
Ry Jones: I put a slack archive up on github.

341
00:50:14.130 --> 00:50:17.580
Ry Jones: My plan is to do something similar with rocket chat.

342
00:50:19.800 --> 00:50:27.120
Ry Jones: I just really questioned the value of it because chat is way more ephemeral it's not like a mailing list where.

343
00:50:28.290 --> 00:50:40.110
Ry Jones: it's just way more ephemeral I question the value of getting the archive out, but I do plan on getting an archive and rendered as html in some way so that it continues to be available.

344
00:50:41.070 --> 00:50:50.550
Kamlesh Nagware: I think some value because some people refer to the old old shetler how the on the columns or what was the different links and different concepts.

345
00:50:56.070 --> 00:50:56.400
Kamlesh Nagware: alright.

346
00:50:56.640 --> 00:51:03.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks panache um any other questions or comments as we're approaching the top of the hour.

347
00:51:11.010 --> 00:51:19.950
Tracy Kuhrt: Any thoughts on whether or not this is something we want to vote on today, or whether or not we've I need to bit more time before we get to the vote.

348
00:51:26.010 --> 00:51:28.440
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Over I think we've heard more positive.

349
00:51:29.730 --> 00:51:36.120
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know comments in support of this, so I think we should thank the task force and go ahead.

350
00:51:37.410 --> 00:51:38.520
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Whether we're coming recommendation.

351
00:51:41.970 --> 00:51:49.230
Tracy Kuhrt: So we can think the past for sure for sure I do believe that our know has maybe just mentioned that we.

352
00:51:50.340 --> 00:51:52.290
Tracy Kuhrt: vote on the proposal your.

353
00:51:53.400 --> 00:51:53.820
Hart Montgomery: Second.

354
00:51:56.310 --> 00:51:58.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so we have a second um.

355
00:52:00.030 --> 00:52:02.100
Tracy Kuhrt: So let's go ahead and vote then.

356
00:52:03.780 --> 00:52:05.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Brian you want to run us through a vote.

357
00:52:05.400 --> 00:52:05.790
yeah.

358
00:52:06.840 --> 00:52:07.350
Sure thing.

359
00:52:09.300 --> 00:52:10.020
Ry Jones: David in New York.

360
00:52:10.830 --> 00:52:12.120
Ry Jones: Yes, grace.

361
00:52:13.260 --> 00:52:13.650
Grace Hartley: Yes.

362
00:52:13.980 --> 00:52:15.420
Hart Montgomery: heart yes.

363
00:52:15.480 --> 00:52:17.130
Jim Zhang: Jim yes.

364
00:52:20.580 --> 00:52:21.150
Kamlesh Nagware: Yes.

365
00:52:22.140 --> 00:52:22.590
Nathan.

366
00:52:25.260 --> 00:52:25.770
Nathan George: Yes.

367
00:52:25.980 --> 00:52:26.430
Peter.

368
00:52:27.480 --> 00:52:28.170
Peter Somogyvari: Yes.

369
00:52:28.260 --> 00:52:28.710
Tracy.

370
00:52:29.730 --> 00:52:30.240
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes.

371
00:52:30.450 --> 00:52:30.870
Troy.

372
00:52:32.730 --> 00:52:33.420
Troy Ronda: Okay, yes.

373
00:52:34.170 --> 00:52:34.740
Angelo.

374
00:52:35.790 --> 00:52:36.300
Angelo De Caro: Yes.

375
00:52:36.420 --> 00:52:38.130
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): or no yes.

376
00:52:39.540 --> 00:52:40.050
Artem Barger: Yes.

377
00:52:41.370 --> 00:52:41.850
Aruna S M: Yes.

378
00:52:41.970 --> 00:52:42.360
Bobby.

379
00:52:43.380 --> 00:52:43.950
Bobbi Muscara: Yes.

380
00:52:45.510 --> 00:52:46.200
Danno Ferrin: Yes.

381
00:52:47.880 --> 00:52:50.550
Ry Jones: is fairly enthusiastic Okay, the motion passes.

382
00:52:52.080 --> 00:53:00.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks everyone for that all right, I think you really confuse people by starting in the middle of the instead of at the beginning of the end but.

383
00:53:01.230 --> 00:53:03.900
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah keep us all awake i've.

384
00:53:03.990 --> 00:53:10.530
Ry Jones: i've considered randomly picking them but I didn't know if I could keep it in my head who i'd actually chosen so.

385
00:53:12.600 --> 00:53:29.850
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so thank you everyone for the discussion, thank you to the task force for the amount of time that you put into this i'm looking forward to the progress of us moving towards discord and, for me, being able to remove a messaging system from all of my devices, so thank you for that.

386
00:53:31.320 --> 00:53:34.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other last comments or.

387
00:53:35.940 --> 00:53:39.510
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything else that people would like to bring up before we close the call.

388
00:53:42.270 --> 00:53:52.950
Aruna S M: Quick reminder for tomorrow's Task Force, we have security process Task Force and I would encourage all of you to join in, and we have a couple of interesting topics to be discussed.

389
00:53:54.270 --> 00:53:55.500
Aruna S M: So please do join in.

390
00:53:58.350 --> 00:54:01.350
Tracy Kuhrt: For that reminder of the Security Task Force any other.

391
00:54:02.670 --> 00:54:03.930
Tracy Kuhrt: Closing item.

392
00:54:09.810 --> 00:54:31.020
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so with that I am going to say thank you for your service on the tasc we are looking forward to working with you very closely in your new role as the cto, and that is my closing comments for this go around thanks all for joining, and we will talk to you in next week.

393
00:54:32.010 --> 00:54:32.670
Hart Montgomery: Thanks Tracy.

394
00:54:33.630 --> 00:54:34.170
Dave Enyeart: Thank you bye.

395
00:54:34.890 --> 00:54:35.160
Bobbi Muscara: bye.

396
00:54:35.670 --> 00:54:36.330
Thanks Tracy.

