1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2019-HIRC-Meetings](2019-HIRC-Meetings_19169354.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Consolidated Minutes - Nov &amp; December 2019

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

### Local Meetups

Bangalore - Dec 15

Venue: Walmart Labs, Bangalore

Attendance: 75-80

Topics:

- Introduction to Avalon
- Splinter (channel concept on top of Sawtooth/Sabre)
- Use case: Food Trust Supply chain

Take-aways/lessons:

- Attendees knowledgeable about Fabric/Sawtooth
- Sawtooth usability is good

### Dev Forum Updates

#### Aires/Indy

- Happens every 2 weeks
- Attendance between 7-12
- Two tracks:
  
  - Hands-on - development &amp; walk-throughs
  - Concepts
- Putting together a calendar of events for the next quarter

#### Sawtooth/Transact/Grid

- Happens weekly
- Start introducing transact and grid topics

#### Avalon

- Kickstarted in Nov 19
- Happens every other Tuesday at 8:00pm IST
- Suggestion to follow Aires/Indy model of hands-on+concepts
- Attendance: ~10
- Jira etc for logging defects started. Details to be shared w/ community.

### 2nd National Meetup Recap and Retrospective

The 2nd National Meetup was held on Nov,15th. It featured a number of interesting technical and non-technical presentations and demos. The star event was the keynote by Brian Behlendorf himself!

We recorded an attendance of 170+ with most of the attendees connecting directly to the Zoom webinar, with the rest joining via their city meet-ups and YouTube Live feed.

Some of the observations in the retrospective were:

- Content:
  
  - We need more demos
  - We need to emphasis on business / non-technical content as well, so the event will be more attractive to the business community
  - Limit the number of presentation slots to give adequate time to everyone. Set up a committee to review proposals and select the best proposals.
  - Invite contributions from China/Singapore/middle-east as well.
  - Encourage core-contributors to come and present.
  - Another suggestion was to focus on what's relevant for the Indian subcontinent.
- Participation
  
  - We saw less participation this time around than the last time, when we had 200+ attendees.
  - Start marketing the event earlier
  - Engage with city meet-ups earlier and more frequently
  - Lock down agenda earlier so it becomes easier to advertise

### How to keep the community engaged

- Next Meetup in May
- Conduct a Hackathon between now and May
- Have a list of topics to present at weekly meetings. Need volunteers for talks.
- Put up an agenda for weekly meetings

### Hackathon Planning

The Sofocle team have offered to use their Zeeve platform to conduct the hackathon. We will set up a small committee of volunteers to plan for it. Anyone interested in volunteering for the planning is welcome to join.

Volunteers so far: Sofocle, Kamlesh, Amol, Arun, Ajay, Pankaj

Amol to start a mail thread on possible Hackathon topics. Align topics to the HL Greenhouse.

KBA Hackathon: Done in conjunction w/ Allianz. Insurance use-case, given a-priori. Teams of 3 had to make a presentation and the best teams were selected for the hackathona. HL Fabric &amp; Corda were ledgers of choice.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
