1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2020-HIRC-Meetings](2020-HIRC-Meetings_19169301.html)
6. [2020-HIRC-Q4-Meetings](2020-HIRC-Q4-Meetings_19169383.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : 2020-11-19- Weekly Meeting &amp; Agenda

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

- **Every** Thursday **at 3:00 to 4:00 PM** India Standard Time
- **Zoom link: [https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09](https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09)**

## Agenda

**If you’re new to the group, please…**

- Introduce yourself  - New Member       - Amit Sharma, Jital Patel
- Coordinating "Blockchain Tech Fest 2020" - Arun
- TSC Meeting Update - Arun
- New Strategy to Engage people in India Chapter - Once a week introducing different people from India.
  
  - Working stream action items are assigned. Leads are encouraged to follow up with the community members on a regular basis.
  - Tools for collaboration for writing a whitepaper.
- Hyperledger Fabric 2.3 - Kamlesh
  
  - Ledger snapshot is introduced (organize a session on ledger checkpointing)
  - No need of systemchannel for creating an application channe

<!--THE END-->

- Toolkit for the Hyperledger protocol installation
  
  - Hyperledger Sawtooth
  - Hyperledger Fabric
- Update: Aadhil with IEEE regional chapter to setup a meeting as follow-up

## Action Items

1. Consolidate/list establish companies and startups who are using Hyperledger solutions. - Kamlesh/Sunita
   
   1. [List of Companies / Startups](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=41584732)
   2. Reach out to the community director and get info on Hyperledger's affiliation with India
2. Focussed meetings on Hyperledger technologies
   
   1. One for students. - Aadhil Gafoor
      
      1. Plan on helping on students
      2. Introduction to community and technology space
   2. Weekly agenda items (identify speakers)
3. Share the information through Hyperledger India Chapter
   
   1. Identify content creators
   2. About hackathons, global events on the blockchain
4. Wiki Separate Space for India chapter page/Updating India chapter page to New Space - Rajesh  [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
   
   1. Restructure the wiki space
5. Moving Member list to a new page.  - Kamlesh
6. Goals for 2021 - Sunitha, Arun, Kamlesh

### Goals for November

1. Whitepaper on use of blockchain for elections - Vikram
   
   1. Literature survey
   2. Current resources/articles
   3. Draft. – Started working.  [https://blogs.gartner.com/avivah-litan/2020/11/17/blockchain-can-solve-our-voting-problems-as-long-as/](https://blogs.gartner.com/avivah-litan/2020/11/17/blockchain-can-solve-our-voting-problems-as-long-as/)
2. Connect with students - Aadhil
   
   1. Tell about Hyperledger India Chapter
   2. Opportunities to contribute
   3. Internship on different projects
   4. Implementing ideas and contributing to Hyperledger Labs
3. Collect a list of startups - Kamlesh / Sunita

             → Membership directory page and let people update their information. Annual review of updated data.

                  "Hyperledger India Membership Directory"

[Hyperledger India Membership Directory](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CP/Hyperledger+India+Membership+Directory)

## Attendees

S. Gopinath

Jerrin Sebastian

Amit Sharma

Kamlesh Nagware

Rajesh Kirshnan

Jital Patel

Aadhil Gafoor

Ravi

Sunitha 

Vats

Vikram Sharma 

Arun S M

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
