1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Events](HIRC---Events_19169346.html)
4. [2021-Events](2021-Events_19169651.html)
5. [HYPERHACK 2021](HYPERHACK-2021_19169656.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Q &amp; A (2021)

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified by Kamlesh Nagware on Mar 04, 2021

**Question:** When should I start coding my solution?

**Answer:** Now, start immediately. It is open for everyone to start coding and/or start thinking towards solution.

**Question:** What is the timeline of the event?

**Answer:**

1. First round has started already. You can solve the problem from now until March 21st, 2021. Pick up a problem statement and start hacking.
2. March 21st to March 28th, jury panel will evaluate your submissions independently (they won't share their scores with each other).
3. We will send you the format of how to send the proposals before March 21st.
4. March 29th is when the finalists will be announced. We will make announcement and send email communications.
5. Finalist teams have time till April 3, 2021 to further improve solution or prepare additional features.
6. On April 3, 2021 each finalist team will be given a time-slot to join the live zoom call and show the solution.
7. April 5, 2021 is when the results are announced.

**Question:** Is it compulsory to use Chainstack's blockchain offering?

**Answer:** No, but we recommend to use a cloud hosted solution for a better demo experience.

**Question:** How much of a code can be prepared/taken from before?

**Answer:** We expect that you code for the problem statements we have. However, we leave this to the jury panel to decide upon which part of code can be pre-requisite. Be prepared to prove that or answer jury panel's questions.

**Question:** Can I use my own infrastructure to run the demo?

**Answer:** Yes, you are free to choose infrastructure of your choice. We do our best through generous help of sponsors to provide free to use cloud for larger audience. Thanks to Chainstack.

**Question:** 5 minuted for the demo is short, why don't we extend the time?

**Answer:** This question is applicable for finalists. 5 minutes per team's demo and 5 min of Q &amp; A would lead to 100 minutes of demo meeting for 10 teams. However, jury will get 5 min break between each demos for their discussions. This will be 150 minutes for 10 teams. This year we will have more than 10 teams in the finals.

**Question**: I registered, do I need to register my team as well?

**Answer**: All registrations are team registrations. If you have your name registered you are in-charge or contact point for the team. We will send out additional requests where team submissions can be done.  

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:39

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
