1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Events](HIRC---Events_19169346.html)
4. [2024 - Events](2024---Events_19171460.html)
5. [HYPERHACK 2024](HYPERHACK-2024_19171770.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Q &amp; A (2024)

Created by Kamlesh Nagware, last modified by Ritu Jain on Aug 08, 2024

**Question:** When should I start coding my solution?

**Answer:** Now, start immediately. It is open for everyone to start coding and/or start thinking towards solution.

**Question:** How much of a code can be prepared/taken from before?

**Answer:** We expect that you code for the problem statements we have. However, we leave this to the jury panel to decide upon which part of code can be pre-requisite. Be prepared to prove that or answer jury panel's questions.

**Question:** Can I use my own infrastructure to run the demo?

**Answer:** Yes, you are free to choose infrastructure of your choice. 

**Question:** 5 minuted for the demo is short, why don't we extend the time?

**Answer:** This question is applicable for finalists. 5 minutes per team's demo and 5 min of Q &amp; A would lead to 100 minutes of demo meeting for 10 teams. However, jury will get 5 min break between each demos for their discussions. This will be 150 minutes for 10 teams. This year we will have more than 10 teams in the finals.

**Question**: I registered, do I need to register my team as well?

**Answer**: All registrations are team registrations. If you have your name registered you are in-charge or contact point for the team. We will send out additional requests where team submissions can be done.  

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
