1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Decision Log](HIRC---Decision-Log_19169475.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Chapter Strategy to grow community: III - Jan'24

Created by Deepika P Karanji, last modified by Chetan Mittal on Feb 10, 2024

Status

Stakeholders

[Deepika P Karanji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:34119971-4220-42fd-b14f-cf9dee0205ef?ref=confluence) [kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence) [Vikram Sharma](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:af0c3f29-e190-4dc2-9098-9266b1dc0dab?ref=confluence) [Ravi singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6207b125f5d29a0068fd3a32?ref=confluence) [Aditya Joshi](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a5129ceb12c7029722bbcac?ref=confluence) [Nidhi Singh](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:0f4b10ea-b6e4-43be-8d68-0fbeb9d94639?ref=confluence) [kartikey.dav100](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5d5fd1d08de8420ca06d3048?ref=confluence) [i21chitragariv](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/61dfed8fe67ea2006b477b5c?ref=confluence) 

Outcome  
Due date

Owner

[Deepika P Karanji](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:34119971-4220-42fd-b14f-cf9dee0205ef?ref=confluence) 

## **Background**

The Hyperledger India chapter is always appreciated by the Hyperledger staff.  We need collaborative efforts to build a stronger &amp; growing community in India.

Let's brainstorm and come up with workable strategy to build grow Hyperledger India community.

## **Goal:**

- To grow and connect with 50000 active community members in India chapter.

## **Time limit:**

## **Events/Chapter Roadmap 2023:**

## **In what area:**

- Communication strategy.
- Networking Strategy.
- Prospective developer Strategy.
- Student Engagement Strategy.

Please add your thought process and Ideas to make this possible. I have added a few action items which we should consider.

## **Action items**

### **In what area**

### **Reasonable actions**

### **Why to be done**

### Risk if not done

**Action**Content posting

- Content - attractive
- Trying to get people to comment and have conversations
- Document observations
  
  - Post 8pm - higher engagement
- Linkedin Series  - Content verticals - 7 days of XYZ
  
  - College students
    
    - Linux foundation mentee program
    - How to get started with fabric
      
      - Prerequisites , links  , help resources, FAQ / in-depth content
  - Business
    
    - E-book related
  - Tech/ developer interest
    
    - Hyperledger projects - visuals / graphs / slider pdf
  - From the People at HIC
- Discord 
  
  - Leaderboard for community champions 1,2,3rd positions
    
    - Monthly contribs published
    - Core-team next year  - incentive
- Reddit

Communication Strategy

- End of the presentation ( how to connect with community)
- Contents in the Hyperledger India youtube channel.
- Guideline for social media postings.

To engage the audience.

communication continuty will break and migrate to some other tools.

Networking Strategy

- Active participation in events &amp; promote Hyperledger India community
- Participation in Colleges and University Technical festival
- Different ways to interact with college and start with a introductory presentation about Hyperleger projects

To reach new members.we will miss the target by big margin.

Prospective Developer Strategy

- Code contributions workshops - Monthly
- Medium like post in hyperleger wiki post
- Know-how contents (from scratch to introduction of the tool and frameworks)
- what we are offering to student societies (see the page for [possible questions](Hyperledger-India---Study-Circle_19169952.html))

Suvajit/AdityaHyperledger tools documentation is good for people who have experience on the tools.   
Student Engagement Strategy

- Activating study circles
- Student Newsletter (highlight the achievement)
- Create certificate of participation scheme

To make them feel valuable to the community.

They will leave

Find Code contributors 

- Find the contributor from India in the Hyperledger project code base

Many developers are not active in India chapter community

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
