1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2019-HIRC-Meetings](2019-HIRC-Meetings_19169354.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : 2019-07-01 Meeting notes

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

## Date

01 Jul 2019

## \** This meeting was NOT recorded. \**

## Attendees

- [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence)
- [kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence)
- [Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)
- [Mrudav Shukla](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ffc86ae3b5e47013824b706?ref=confluence)

## Agenda

- Contact the city meetups to spread the word
- Finalize on the meetup platform – zoom? Something else. Someone needs to own this.
- Finalize the date. The voting is trending towards July 20 currently.
- Someone needs to go out and solicit presentations. Any volunteers?

## Discussion items

ItemWhoNotes

Contact the city meetups to spread the word

[Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence)

- Prepare a list of all the all Hyperledger city-wise meetups and it’s co-organizers &amp; share this list among the community to coordinate the communication about the Hyperledger National Virtual Meetup

[Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)

- Design a Meetup Flyer for promotions on social media, post on social channels (LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, etc.)
- Ask David Bosswell for any standard marketing format to be used for Flyers

Finalize on the meetup platform – zoom? Something else. Someone needs to own this.

[kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence) , [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence)

- Zoom, Facebook Live, YouTube Live
- We will do a dry-run of Zoom and YouTube Live in next week (week of 08-July).

Finalize the date. The voting is trending towards July 20 currently.

[Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence)

- Based on the poll results, 20th July is tentatively date. Will be confirmed in next Monday meeting, e.g. 08-July

Someone needs to go out and solicit presentations. Any volunteers?

[kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence), [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence),

[Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)

- Duration of each presentation &amp; entire meetup to be discussed and decided. (TBD)
- Deadline for presentation submission – suggested as 18th July, so that we can review the presentation topics and organize the time slot, etc.
- Reviewing Presentations topics - Kalyan agreed to volunteer in the review process.
- Current interested presenters:
  
  - Kamlesh Nagware - Topic: TBD
  - Ajay Jadhav - Topic: Hyperledger Indy

## Action items

- [Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)- Design Promotional Flyers &amp; start promotions on social media
- [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence) - Circulate list of Meetups and meetup co-organizers

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
