1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2019-HIRC-Meetings](2019-HIRC-Meetings_19169354.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : 2019-07-08 Meeting Notes

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

08 Jul 2019 

## Attendees

- Lokesh
- Mrudav
- Sanjay
- Santanu - Mindtree
- Gigo
- Kamlesh
- Shon
- Arun
- Kalyan
- Kumaravel
- Adarsh
- Ajay

## Agenda

## Discussion Items

ItemWhoNotesCitywise meetup lists

Ajay

Kamlesh

Lokesh

Ajay has the lists and will publish them. Team to review and update as required.

Volunteers will contact the organizers of the meetups and organize city meetups.

Meetup Flyers

Kalyan

Gigo

Ajay

Finalize the content. Ajay has access to a designer to design the flyers.

The content/flyers will be shared with the group. Plan is to send out these to the different meetup groups &amp; spread the word.

Meetup dateAllJuly 20 2019 is finalized for the meetup based on the voting ([https://doodle.com/poll/xe52myipzrpqh54r](https://doodle.com/poll/xe52myipzrpqh54r))Content reviewAllReviewed the agenda for the meetup. We will try to limit the meetup to 4 hours. Fabric App Developer ForumAll

A regular Hyperledger Fabric Application Developer Forum is being established in India. Tentative date is Wednesday afternoons.  
Indy App Developer Forum is also being proposed. For both forums, we need a dedicated team who will attend all calls and record

as required.

We will raise awareness about the forums during the meetup.

## Action Items

- Ajay &amp; Team will publish citywise meetup lists
- Kalyan &amp; team will review flyer content and get flyers designed
- Amol to follow up with David Boswell to set up Fabric &amp; Indy developer forums on the calendar

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
