1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2019-HIRC-Meetings](2019-HIRC-Meetings_19169354.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : 2019-07-15 Meeting notes

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

## Date

15 Jul 2019

## Attendees

- [Amol Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:afe6231e-4bfa-48fe-a72b-997b7781eed9?ref=confluence)
- [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4c9b11a5-2616-4abe-af94-bbc11c984654?ref=confluence)
- [Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)
- [Mrudav Shukla](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ffc86ae3b5e47013824b706?ref=confluence)
- [kamlesh nagware](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:8e1fc425-f938-4b39-ad13-9cd8b0ddde52?ref=confluence)
- Gigo Joseph
- Shon Joseph (KBA)
- Adarsh
- Santanu Mukherjee
- Vijay
- @Arun S M
- Nikhil
- [Vipin Bharathan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:4ac24c34-2385-41a8-8881-61e7a75c6d1e?ref=confluence)

## Goals

- Finalize National Meetup Logistics
- Fabric &amp; Indy App Dev Forum

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes20National MeetupAll

- Kalyan will remove the Zoom details from the flyer and circulate to meetup groups
- Agenda to be shared in 2 days time
- Haven't heard about WG updates + agenda filling up fast, so will likely drop WG updates from agenda
- Need volunteers for conducting the meetup (Initial sign-up from Harsha, but additional volunteers welcome)
- For Fabric, Amol to contact local IBM contacts to do Fabric updates. Alternately, Gigo to request material from Brian and Kamlesh to present
- Link to spreadsheet: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ltX74fnOOye25Rr1RMrus0LeuheLcC2ntmvMij1Imzc/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ltX74fnOOye25Rr1RMrus0LeuheLcC2ntmvMij1Imzc/edit?usp=sharing)

5Capital Markets SIGVipinNew SIG being formed. Vipin to send details to the India Community and individual members to forward/socialize.5App Dev ForumAmol, Vijay, Ajay

- We have approval to proceed with Fabric App Dev Forum. Need to figure out volunteers and logistics. Amol to connect w/ Vijay offline
- For Indy, we propose to have a one-time App Dev forum and publicize through meetup and other channels. Decide on regular forums based on the response.

## Action items

- [Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence) to circulate Flyers
- [Kalyan Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5bc6305b0e133108f330f5ec?ref=confluence)  to circulate agenda by Wednesday July 17
- Gigo to get Fabric Material from Brian
- [Amol Kulkarni](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:afe6231e-4bfa-48fe-a72b-997b7781eed9?ref=confluence) to reach out to IBM for the Fabric talk
- [Ajay Jadhav](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:5d869305-2f8c-418e-98d6-11976a0c3b13?ref=confluence) to decide on the date for the Indy App Dev Forum so we can announce during the meetup

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
