1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Events](HIRC---Events_19169346.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : 2021-Events

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified on Jan 14, 2021

HL India Chapter hosts hack-a-thons to involve Indian developer community to build and demonstrate their innovative ideas.

# **HYPERHACK 2021**

Hyperledger India Chapter has organized the second edition of hackathon in the month of March 2021.

Register your team and submit the proposals before finalists selection dates. You may also start coding your solution meanwhile. The more you impress with your proposal, the better chances of going to final. Show that your solution is viable, show the teaser with screenshots if you can, add materials which shows the architecture, design, timeline e.t.c.

The finalists selection will be done on last week of March 2021! Finalists will get few more days to impress jury panel with their demo! Finalists will be notified of further steps as the event approaches the timeline. Final results will be out on first week of April 2021!

## **Timeline:**

- **Coding:** Can happen anytime. Until the final demo call.
- **Registration and Proposal Submission:** **TBD**
- **Proposal Evaluation:** **TBD**
- **Finalists Announcement: TBD**
- **Final Demo &amp; Winners Announcement: TBD**

The themes of the hackathon are: **TBD**. More detailed problem statements will be released closer to the date of the event.

**Some highlights of the Hackathon are:**

- Completely online - participate remotely from your home.
- Blockchain based certificates for participants and winners.
- Distinguished Jury panel to evaluate the entries.
- Among other prizes, winners will get the chance to obtain any Hyperledger Certification of their choice, free of charge!

More details on the HyperHack in 

Please attend the regular [**weekly chapter meeting**](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=CP&title=Weekly%20Meetings%20%26%20Agenda%20Archive) to know more.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
