1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Events](HIRC---Events_19169346.html)
4. [2020-Events](2020-Events_19169348.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Hack-a-thons

Created by Arun .S.M. on Dec 06, 2020

HL India Chapter hosts hack-a-thons to involve Indian developer community to build and demonstrate their innovative ideas.

# **HYPERHACK 2020**

Hyperledger India Chapter has organized the first ever nationwide Hackathon in the month of Feb 2020.

Register your team and submit the proposals before finalists selection dates. You may also start coding your solution meanwhile. The more you impress with your proposal, the better chances of going to final. Show that your solution is viable, show the teaser with screenshots if you can, add materials which shows the architecture, design, timeline e.t.c.

The finalists selection will be done on 22nd and 23rd Feb, 2020! Finalists will get few more days to impress jury panel with their demo! Finalists will be notified of further steps as the event approaches the timeline. Final results will be out on 29th Feb 2020!

## **Timeline:**

- **Coding:** Can happen anytime. Until the final demo call.
- **Registration and Proposal Submission:** Closes at 9:00AM on 22nd Feb 2020
- **Proposal Evaluation:** 22 &amp; 23 Feb 2020
- **Finalists Announcement:** 9:00PM on 23 Fdb 2020
- **Final Demo &amp; Winners Announcement:** 29 February 2020

The themes of the Hackathon are: Telecom, Privacy/Identity and Track &amp; Trace. More detailed problem statements will be released closer to the date of the event.

**Some highlights of the Hackathon are:**

- Completely online - participate remotely from your home.
- Blockchain based certificates for participants and winners.
- Distinguished Jury panel to evaluate the entries.
- Among other prizes, winners will get the chance to obtain any Hyperledger Certification of their choice, free of charge!

More details on the HyperHack in [**Hackathon Feb 2020**](Hackathon-Feb-2020_19169522.html)

Please attend the regular [**weekly chapter meeting**](/wiki/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=CP&title=Weekly%20Meetings%20%26%20Agenda%20Archive) to know more.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:38

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
