1. [Hyperledger India Regional Chapter](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust India Regional Chapter Home](LF-Decentralized-Trust-India-Regional-Chapter-Home_19169282.html)
3. [HIRC - Meetings](HIRC---Meetings_19169350.html)
4. [Weekly Meetings &amp; Agenda](19169352.html)
5. [2020-HIRC-Meetings](2020-HIRC-Meetings_19169301.html)
6. [2020-HIRC-Q1-Meetings](2020-HIRC-Q1-Meetings_19169360.html)

# Hyperledger India Regional Chapter : Meeting Minutes - 23rd January 2020

Created by Rajesh Krishnan on Nov 26, 2020

Attendees: Nikhil, Arun, Ajay, Amol, Kamlesh, Lakshay, Pankaj, Vipin Rathi, Kalyan

01. Zeeve platform for the registration - These are verifiable credentials. Zeeve - name and email, redirect user to download the Blockster SSI app, to receive the registration credentials.
    
    1. Participation certificate
    2. Winners certificate
02. These are instantiated on temporary dev servers. - Verifiable claims may not be valid after this is brought down. But a PDF version is given to the participants. Demo on 27th January 2020. → Action Item: Lakshay, Ajay
03. Oracle will update by EOW, showed interest for support - Kamlesh
04. Azure update - Arun by 27th January 2020
05. KBA organized a hackathon - pick a theme, give the topic in advance, provided space for participation, push the code to github (individuals), demo was not mandatory (video is sufficient), few of the participants weren't in for sharing the code in public - Nikhil
06. Zeeve requires access to private repos to deploy in their platform, create a document with terms and conditions - Lakshay
07. The registration page should have information of who can see the code and other terms/conditions - Lakshay
08. Individual website for the hackathon?? - Arun, Lakshay
09. Themes - 
    
    1. Telecom - Call Detail Records (CDR) - inter-carrier settlements - Vipin to provide details
    2. Data Privacy &amp; Identity - (India PDP Law / GDPR) - Ajay to elaborate
    3. Supply chain, track-n-trace  - Kamlesh &amp; Kalyan to provide details
       
       1. food safety, luxury goods, etc.
10. Juries suggested
    
    1. 5 nos total

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:42

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
