WEBVTT

1
00:00:18.720 --> 00:00:23.130
Tracy Kuhrt: So welcome everyone to the February 17 PSC call.

2
00:00:25.080 --> 00:00:37.890
Tracy Kuhrt: As you all are aware, we have to abide by the NHS policy notice, which is currently displayed on the screen and, of course, the code of conduct, which is linked in the agenda.

3
00:00:38.820 --> 00:00:48.630
Tracy Kuhrt: don't be a jerk and yeah so as far as announcements these announcements are announcements that we've had on the list before.

4
00:00:49.230 --> 00:01:01.500
Tracy Kuhrt: The Dev weekly developer newsletter goes out each Friday, if you have something you'd like to include please click on the link in the agenda and leave a comment in that wiki page.

5
00:01:02.700 --> 00:01:11.370
Tracy Kuhrt: The second thing is that we still have the call for mentors and projects going on for the 2022 mentorship program So if you have.

6
00:01:11.910 --> 00:01:27.090
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything that you'd like to have considered for inclusion in that program Please submit a project proposal, the timeline is linked here in the agenda, as well as well as guidelines for the actual project proposals.

7
00:01:28.590 --> 00:01:32.730
Tracy Kuhrt: So with that are there any other announcements that anybody on the call would like to make.

8
00:01:42.750 --> 00:01:49.740
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, no so we did actually end up getting the bevel report come in, when I had.

9
00:01:50.520 --> 00:02:04.200
Tracy Kuhrt: Put the agenda together, it was still in draft form and there was no contents, but I did notice this morning that there was finally contents there, so I have included the link here just this morning, so i'm sure, a number of us haven't looked at it yet.

10
00:02:05.490 --> 00:02:14.040
Tracy Kuhrt: Please take the time to review that i'll leave it on the agenda for next week for us to provide any additional thoughts or feedback.

11
00:02:14.430 --> 00:02:25.350
Tracy Kuhrt: I did not see any specific thoughts or feedback on the quarterly report as of this morning, but if there's anything that anybody would like to bring up now is your time.

12
00:02:33.810 --> 00:02:36.630
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay, no hands, nobody coming off mute.

13
00:02:37.680 --> 00:02:51.240
Tracy Kuhrt: So let's go ahead and move on to the discussion topics, so the DCI working group has put together a proposal I think they're ready to talk about it, at least, based on the chats that we had.

14
00:02:54.060 --> 00:03:10.140
Tracy Kuhrt: In rocket chat a couple weeks back where they look like they were ready to have this on the agenda so Peter or grace i'm not sure which one of you would like to talk about the proposal and what we'd like to do with this proposal, moving forward.

15
00:03:16.290 --> 00:03:17.730
Grace Hartley: Peter feel free to jump in.

16
00:03:19.500 --> 00:03:22.860
Grace Hartley: i'm trying to remember the last time we talked to the tsp about this.

17
00:03:24.090 --> 00:03:34.230
Grace Hartley: But essentially the DC working group basically came up with a proposal on inclusive may mean we had a few recommendations that we were hoping the gic to enact.

18
00:03:35.280 --> 00:03:36.090
Grace Hartley: First, is just.

19
00:03:38.250 --> 00:03:42.390
Grace Hartley: Recommendation one is all hype Roger projects and labs just update their.

20
00:03:43.170 --> 00:03:54.930
Grace Hartley: contributor documentation to have a statement referencing encouraging inclusive language and we provided the suggestion there below the second is changing.

21
00:03:55.890 --> 00:04:14.460
Grace Hartley: Making a couple of specific language changes to their projects specifically master to mean slave replica is backwards to denial is waitlist your hours and then third one, is using the DCI one tool to help implement some of these changes which i'll let Peter speak to in a moment.

22
00:04:16.020 --> 00:04:21.060
Grace Hartley: And then the fourth one which is probably not relevant, at this point, now that i'm thinking about is.

23
00:04:22.140 --> 00:04:25.860
Grace Hartley: If there was the project budget proposal went through which it has not.

24
00:04:27.300 --> 00:04:31.980
Grace Hartley: We would include that as well, but um be so, and then the request, just to.

25
00:04:33.660 --> 00:04:40.590
Grace Hartley: From the last time if i'm remembering correctly was you know just having an idea around how we would implement this.

26
00:04:41.760 --> 00:04:47.190
Grace Hartley: Across the projects, so we have a few ideas below if you don't mind scrolling down on more.

27
00:04:50.460 --> 00:04:54.810
Grace Hartley: So one is conducting a maintain or onboarding session.

28
00:04:56.130 --> 00:05:12.540
Grace Hartley: to train them on the best practices around the language, the second is of course sharon's proposal in several forums, the third is adding to the quarterly report template the question of implemented these inclusive language changes listed below.

29
00:05:14.130 --> 00:05:20.940
Grace Hartley: And then same thing, adding to the quarterly report tempo Have you had an inclusive language statement to your projects documentation.

30
00:05:24.060 --> 00:05:32.880
Grace Hartley: I think that's in Peters you want to just speak to I think the DC I went to the last time we spoke with them wasn't fully ready and it's it's now for ready is that Is that correct.

31
00:05:34.260 --> 00:05:35.040
Peter Somogyvari: yeah.

32
00:05:37.110 --> 00:05:39.930
Peter Somogyvari: Food during the day silent and i'll just say that.

33
00:05:41.280 --> 00:05:49.950
Peter Somogyvari: it's also just recommendation, you could use an order to it doesn't really matter as long as the job done and.

34
00:05:51.660 --> 00:05:58.830
Peter Somogyvari: The other thing I wanted to mention is that if you do go with the sea island then you're not alone in the sense that.

35
00:06:00.450 --> 00:06:04.650
Peter Somogyvari: He formed a task force within the DCI burger.

36
00:06:05.670 --> 00:06:11.280
Peter Somogyvari: And I volunteered to be on a task force to do main two things one is.

37
00:06:12.690 --> 00:06:15.570
Peter Somogyvari: track adoption and also.

38
00:06:16.800 --> 00:06:21.480
Peter Somogyvari: Specifically volunteer to answer questions and try to help people out if they.

39
00:06:22.800 --> 00:06:27.390
Peter Somogyvari: did decide to use the tool but they're having trouble than.

40
00:06:28.500 --> 00:06:35.940
Peter Somogyvari: I wanted to make sure it is known that I wanted some time to specifically help those projects out myself.

41
00:06:44.970 --> 00:06:45.330
Peter Somogyvari: alright.

42
00:06:45.510 --> 00:06:54.660
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks Peter and grace for reminding us of the recommendation for coming back to us with the.

43
00:06:57.810 --> 00:07:07.290
Tracy Kuhrt: The implementation proposal steps that we'd asked for in our last meeting so Are there any comments or questions.

44
00:07:08.610 --> 00:07:10.710
Tracy Kuhrt: Before I jump in with a comment.

45
00:07:17.190 --> 00:07:30.060
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so I think my comment is around the DCI lint tool I think if i'm not mistaken, the intention is to make that optional to use it.

46
00:07:31.080 --> 00:07:40.560
Tracy Kuhrt: It sounds like that is the case, based on the conversation here i'm not quite sure that I see that that's an optional.

47
00:07:43.650 --> 00:07:46.260
Tracy Kuhrt: In the in the actual recommendations.

48
00:07:49.020 --> 00:08:01.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Maybe i'm miss reading it, but it's just that's the one concern that I think most people have is they don't want to be forced to use specific tools to accomplish their task.

49
00:08:07.980 --> 00:08:23.490
Peter Somogyvari: I would say the way we talked about it, maybe it's not phrase perfectly that way in the proposal, but in our discussion in the group but it say that everyone's welcome to use whatever they have.

50
00:08:26.520 --> 00:08:29.370
Peter Somogyvari: That would be my opinion and how I remember.

51
00:08:33.720 --> 00:08:34.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Okay.

52
00:08:34.650 --> 00:08:36.270
Tracy Kuhrt: So yeah I.

53
00:08:37.770 --> 00:08:40.710
Tracy Kuhrt: mean all the recommendations we recommend.

54
00:08:44.460 --> 00:08:53.220
Tracy Kuhrt: That you know something happens and I just know that that is, it seems like a strong phrasing right, given that we want to.

55
00:08:54.720 --> 00:09:00.000
Tracy Kuhrt: allow them to do whatever is right for their specific repository.

56
00:09:01.380 --> 00:09:13.710
Tracy Kuhrt: Now, Peter remind me vpn tool, I think, if I remember correctly, you had put together some instructions on how to put together github action surrounding that is that right.

57
00:09:15.900 --> 00:09:19.770
Peter Somogyvari: Yes, that was the last piece of the puzzle that took the longest.

58
00:09:20.850 --> 00:09:25.680
Peter Somogyvari: That now it is linked to within the proposal document itself is all.

59
00:09:27.510 --> 00:09:28.650
Peter Somogyvari: readily accessible.

60
00:09:29.640 --> 00:09:29.910
Okay.

61
00:09:36.300 --> 00:09:39.420
Tracy Kuhrt: Any other comments or concerns with this.

62
00:09:39.480 --> 00:09:42.630
Tracy Kuhrt: proposal that has been put forth by the DC I work.

63
00:09:46.140 --> 00:09:47.730
Ry Jones: I just have a question.

64
00:09:49.260 --> 00:10:01.440
Ry Jones: Has this tool been run broadly against hyper ledger and how far off are we as a whole from being compliant with recommendations.

65
00:10:06.660 --> 00:10:17.130
Peter Somogyvari: We have not read against all the projects, it has been running on cactus for several months now.

66
00:10:18.270 --> 00:10:18.450
Peter Somogyvari: It.

67
00:10:20.370 --> 00:10:32.880
Peter Somogyvari: took some time in the beginning to fix the mornings, but it's been chugging along ever since then, so I will say that at least based on that it appears to be stable.

68
00:10:33.900 --> 00:10:36.750
Peter Somogyvari: I do not have any numbers about.

69
00:10:38.070 --> 00:10:41.160
Peter Somogyvari: How many projects would have how many.

70
00:10:43.020 --> 00:10:46.620
Peter Somogyvari: Errors would take errors or linton warnings that we.

71
00:10:47.670 --> 00:10:49.710
Peter Somogyvari: instituted on all projects.

72
00:10:51.840 --> 00:10:53.040
Ry Jones: Okay, that was just a.

73
00:10:54.270 --> 00:10:59.220
Ry Jones: casual interest if the data doesn't exist that's totally fine.

74
00:11:03.930 --> 00:11:08.610
Peter Somogyvari: If that helps with the decision I would also be okay with.

75
00:11:09.810 --> 00:11:14.760
Peter Somogyvari: scripting it so that it doesn't include the project so there's We already have a lot of tools that.

76
00:11:16.740 --> 00:11:22.590
Peter Somogyvari: That you showed me right, so that could be done, as well as the TC numbers thing that that helps.

77
00:11:25.200 --> 00:11:27.660
Ry Jones: I think it might be.

78
00:11:29.070 --> 00:11:37.290
Ry Jones: more productive to file a request on the Community fx Dev.

79
00:11:39.570 --> 00:11:48.300
Ry Jones: To have those types of statistics reported directly in ill effects, so that you know the projects don't have to do anything, the report does exist.

80
00:11:49.410 --> 00:11:56.520
Ry Jones: But I would not gate any decision to the tasc makes on either of those that was just my idol interest not.

81
00:11:57.840 --> 00:11:58.470
Ry Jones: anything more.

82
00:12:04.410 --> 00:12:04.740
Tracy Kuhrt: Oh.

83
00:12:04.980 --> 00:12:10.590
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah yeah I think right is probably a right there, I would agree with them, I mean.

84
00:12:11.550 --> 00:12:23.280
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): You know it doesn't mean we're going to get into policing every project and stop beating on the head, but you know the easiest we make it easier, we make it the better right.

85
00:12:24.060 --> 00:12:36.840
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So if we just do that as a background task and have that information available, and we can point out, maybe the project will be that much closer to following.

86
00:12:41.640 --> 00:12:49.050
Tracy Kuhrt: And is that something that we think needs to be done before we approve this particular proposal or.

87
00:12:50.100 --> 00:12:51.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Is that we're suggesting no.

88
00:12:51.750 --> 00:13:04.110
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): No, no, no, I think it's really more a matter of how we implement it and you know, I think, having it done for the projects is probably.

89
00:13:04.950 --> 00:13:21.690
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): What will lead to the best outcome in a short time, I mean we've seen with other things like you know the common repository structure it takes a long time to get the project to get their act together, so I think he's just remaking, the better.

90
00:13:22.890 --> 00:13:23.130
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah.

91
00:13:26.220 --> 00:13:28.860
Tracy Kuhrt: um any other comments on the proposal.

92
00:13:41.700 --> 00:13:47.400
Tracy Kuhrt: Did anybody have any concerns before I asked for emotion, but the server.

93
00:13:51.660 --> 00:13:56.340
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): So I was actually going to say does anybody see any downside, you know.

94
00:13:56.400 --> 00:13:57.540
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Thank you very much.

95
00:13:58.830 --> 00:14:16.260
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): I don't that's why i'm bringing it up, obviously I think it's it's it's you know can only help, and we should just do it, it doesn't cost much it's not that a huge burden on anybody, and it makes the world that have been a better place so i'm all for it.

96
00:14:18.930 --> 00:14:22.980
Hart Montgomery: So, to be clear, the proposal is just to implement these four bullet points.

97
00:14:30.090 --> 00:14:31.950
Tracy Kuhrt: I believe that's the case yes.

98
00:14:34.290 --> 00:14:35.460
Hart Montgomery: Perfect thanks Tracy.

99
00:14:40.050 --> 00:14:47.340
Aruna S M: sort of necessary traits and since we're talking about policing and I mean How far do we as a.

100
00:14:48.240 --> 00:15:04.020
Aruna S M: Technical steering committee take responsibility for what's happening within the project so sure we can propose this to every project and then say hey go ahead and let's hear out a proposal here is a proposal that came in from it's it's follows these DCI working group.

101
00:15:05.070 --> 00:15:06.780
Aruna S M: Recommendations of a word.

102
00:15:07.800 --> 00:15:15.000
Aruna S M: Do you think we should also put up in our governance document saying that we do our best.

103
00:15:16.080 --> 00:15:33.300
Aruna S M: To avoid certain cases and then here is the proposal that we have put up and if you see any issues, please do reach out to us and we will be happy to work through with them you think we need to put up a note, or something like that in our governance document.

104
00:15:38.940 --> 00:15:39.720
Tracy Kuhrt: um.

105
00:15:40.740 --> 00:15:49.560
Tracy Kuhrt: So I guess The thing is, is our code of conduct kind of covers a lot of this already.

106
00:15:50.940 --> 00:15:54.240
Tracy Kuhrt: I mean it doesn't specifically call out diversity.

107
00:15:55.260 --> 00:16:11.190
Tracy Kuhrt: In the Code of Conduct per se, but it does talk about never discriminating on the basis of personal characteristics or group membership, the harassing never harassing communicating constructively right, so I think there's already.

108
00:16:12.840 --> 00:16:30.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Good sort of governance documentation around this already based on what we already have, I think this is more towards let's bring this not only into our meetings but let's bring it into our code in our.

109
00:16:32.820 --> 00:16:35.070
Tracy Kuhrt: into our repositories as we.

110
00:16:36.390 --> 00:16:51.090
Tracy Kuhrt: help to try to bring in new contributors as well right to to show that you know we're not in some way, shape or form using terms in our code that will go against the code of conduct that we do have.

111
00:17:04.050 --> 00:17:09.090
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, any any concerns or shall we.

112
00:17:10.470 --> 00:17:12.900
Tracy Kuhrt: see if we can have emotion, to bring this to a vote.

113
00:17:18.420 --> 00:17:18.870
Tracy Kuhrt: angel.

114
00:17:20.490 --> 00:17:20.820
Angelo De Caro: yeah.

115
00:17:22.740 --> 00:17:23.400
Angelo De Caro: Sorry, everyone.

116
00:17:24.720 --> 00:17:26.910
Angelo De Caro: Joining very late very late today.

117
00:17:28.230 --> 00:17:37.020
Angelo De Caro: I was this something that task and also last time in the point is that the English is not the, the only language spoken on Planet Earth.

118
00:17:38.430 --> 00:17:47.790
Angelo De Caro: i'm wondering if inclusion means also that we should suggest recommend that the documentation is is translated in Chinese in Spanish.

119
00:17:48.300 --> 00:17:55.650
Angelo De Caro: In in many as many languages as as possible, because to me that also seems very necessary.

120
00:17:56.370 --> 00:18:04.230
Angelo De Caro: To to expand the Community so because not everyone is is fluent in English or might not even understand.

121
00:18:04.590 --> 00:18:13.110
Angelo De Caro: i'm not a, for example on a native speaker so I might not understand an episode I don't understand all the different all the subtleties.

122
00:18:13.680 --> 00:18:30.570
Angelo De Caro: Am I might understand them in Italian because that's my mother's phone, but I would I would suggest definitely to a more translations and more languages so that everybody can feel more comfortable with the language that is the mother tongue, for that first.

123
00:18:31.890 --> 00:18:33.420
Angelo De Caro: majestic just my two cents.

124
00:18:34.350 --> 00:18:39.030
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah thanks Angela I do remember you bringing this up last time that we talked about this as well.

125
00:18:40.380 --> 00:18:52.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Anything I in it obviously brought up some some things because we seem to have lots of hands going up right now, so thank you for bringing up something that's going to start this discussion up Nathan.

126
00:18:53.070 --> 00:19:03.210
Nathan George: Oh, I just wanted to echo the sentiment that it's a great thought and I like the idea that be encouraged the translations and and, hopefully, we have some some.

127
00:19:04.440 --> 00:19:12.840
Nathan George: organization or facility to try to make that easy for the projects to do, but as the primary volunteer driven organization, the question is just who right.

128
00:19:13.620 --> 00:19:22.260
Nathan George: Where when we have a dictionary of terms like what we have in this in this proposal it's fairly easy to say you should have looked at the dictionary pick your terms, based on things that we've learned.

129
00:19:23.010 --> 00:19:33.420
Nathan George: that's a fairly easy recommendation it's not a big it's not we're not asking for a lot of work that the team is not capable of, but when we say you've got to translate your documentation to Chinese that.

130
00:19:33.930 --> 00:19:44.100
Nathan George: Frankly, a lot of the teams, they wouldn't know where to start and they'd be happy to help or facilitate someone doing so, but they don't really have any gauge or measure to be able to just the quality of any of that work.

131
00:19:44.880 --> 00:19:45.750
Tracy Kuhrt: Right right.

132
00:19:49.590 --> 00:19:54.870
Hart Montgomery: yeah, so I think this is an excellent point I know this is something that is being looked at.

133
00:19:56.100 --> 00:20:01.170
Hart Montgomery: By the staff in terms of what what is possible and what we should do for translation.

134
00:20:02.220 --> 00:20:17.550
Hart Montgomery: So this is definitely an issue, and when we want to dress but to ECHO nathan's point these sort of criteria here are very easy to implement, whereas translation, you know, requires a huge amount of work.

135
00:20:24.750 --> 00:20:27.480
Jim Zhang: yeah thanks Tracy I definitely agree.

136
00:20:29.070 --> 00:20:43.860
Jim Zhang: If from from the English speaking world, this is, I think the concern is more concentrated in the English speaking world you know, I was there, everybody should have the background.

137
00:20:45.420 --> 00:20:51.900
Jim Zhang: And, to me it seems to be the right way to proceed if we leave this to the.

138
00:20:53.010 --> 00:20:59.670
Jim Zhang: To the community leaders in different cultures and different countries, to see if this is enough of a concern.

139
00:21:00.120 --> 00:21:11.820
Jim Zhang: To their audience and then they will have seen how this is done for the English content, then there's a new good precedent for how this is taken care of and then they can bring forward.

140
00:21:13.140 --> 00:21:17.310
Jim Zhang: corresponding measures to to content in their language.

141
00:21:18.750 --> 00:21:23.280
Jim Zhang: Basically, in summary, we should leave it as English only for now.

142
00:21:27.780 --> 00:21:28.320
Jim Zhang: Okay.

143
00:21:28.350 --> 00:21:29.520
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I think.

144
00:21:30.570 --> 00:21:43.800
Tracy Kuhrt: Just just to be clear and Angela you can correct me if I get this wrong my understanding Angela was not that you wanted this particular these particular recommendations translated so much as you want it.

145
00:21:45.870 --> 00:21:52.530
Tracy Kuhrt: You want it more diversity in the documentation that we currently have across the different projects.

146
00:21:53.880 --> 00:21:56.280
Tracy Kuhrt: Now, if I got that wrong, please let me know Angelo.

147
00:21:57.960 --> 00:21:58.500
Tracy Kuhrt: David.

148
00:22:03.480 --> 00:22:04.050
David Boswell: i'm.

149
00:22:04.890 --> 00:22:05.760
still done what.

150
00:22:06.780 --> 00:22:09.930
David Boswell: saying I absolutely agree, you know we are on a planet where people speak all sorts of.

151
00:22:12.810 --> 00:22:18.150
David Boswell: English is only a small percentage of the people in the world, we want to connect with so.

152
00:22:18.840 --> 00:22:27.240
David Boswell: I think it is separate from this particular proposal, but just you know, offering if there is a project that's interested in translation, you know we haven't formalized exactly what.

153
00:22:27.630 --> 00:22:33.840
David Boswell: That looks like as like a project service, for example, but we are here to help so just reach out if you're interested in translations.

154
00:22:36.720 --> 00:22:37.200
Tracy Kuhrt: Angelo.

155
00:22:38.400 --> 00:22:44.580
Angelo De Caro: Maybe they'll ask me, I must say that it's more a moose if I intervene and decide, in this case is that.

156
00:22:45.090 --> 00:22:59.040
Angelo De Caro: I press I don't really understand this moment or concert culture that the in the US seems to be very, very strong and that scares me a little bit type depression, if someone doesn't follow this do we do we cancel this project or.

157
00:22:59.370 --> 00:23:14.940
Angelo De Caro: I hope we don't do anything like this we don't go and say, if you don't follow this Rule you are cancelled or we try to do to make your life very hard, or something like this, or what I want to say let's try to see the best in the people and.

158
00:23:16.830 --> 00:23:19.590
Angelo De Caro: I will, I will say that this should be the encouragement not.

159
00:23:20.310 --> 00:23:31.680
Angelo De Caro: And I don't want to read this document there's something like we are ready to cancel you if you don't follow the rules that would scare me very, very much but maybe this is just my personal.

160
00:23:32.190 --> 00:23:45.690
Angelo De Caro: psychological aspect and otherwise i'm very positive in being inclusive and try to make people feel better and be able to express their best that's again, I guess, this is what we all want from from our Community.

161
00:23:47.280 --> 00:23:51.510
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah definitely enjoyed it I don't think we're in any way, shape or form saying.

162
00:23:51.660 --> 00:23:58.110
Tracy Kuhrt: You know we're going to cancel Ray we've never we've never canceled a project based on the fact that they didn't.

163
00:23:59.280 --> 00:24:04.590
Tracy Kuhrt: You know, follow the common repository structure, I would strongly encourage them that that's probably what they should do.

164
00:24:05.640 --> 00:24:17.790
Tracy Kuhrt: To to work well with the Community and to ensure that people know where they can go look for things like how do they contribute to, or who are the main haters or Whatever the case may be so.

165
00:24:18.690 --> 00:24:36.030
Tracy Kuhrt: Yes, I would agree that you know we we we want to encourage us because you know we want people to feel welcome in our larger community, and we want people to feel like they belong here and that they can participate and and not have to worry about.

166
00:24:37.710 --> 00:24:51.900
Tracy Kuhrt: You know who they are in, they can bring their full selves to the Community, so I think that's more the lines of what we're trying to accomplish here is it's just really you know, making this feel like a place where you belong.

167
00:24:59.490 --> 00:25:08.850
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, any other concerns I haven't really heard any major concerns over the implementation proposal here that's in front of us.

168
00:25:15.870 --> 00:25:19.230
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, would anybody, like to make a motion to vote on this.

169
00:25:22.770 --> 00:25:23.310
Peter Somogyvari: I will.

170
00:25:25.710 --> 00:25:26.850
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, thanks, Peter.

171
00:25:27.240 --> 00:25:28.050
Do we have a second.

172
00:25:31.980 --> 00:25:32.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Thanks.

173
00:25:34.530 --> 00:25:36.720
Tracy Kuhrt: um yeah so.

174
00:25:39.000 --> 00:25:45.840
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm not sure if we need to do a roll call vote here does anybody think that we need to do a roll call vote here.

175
00:25:49.530 --> 00:25:52.470
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so let's let's start with this does anybody.

176
00:25:54.750 --> 00:25:56.460
Tracy Kuhrt: opposed the proposal at hand.

177
00:26:03.630 --> 00:26:07.050
Tracy Kuhrt: Anybody want to abstain from voting on the proposal.

178
00:26:11.490 --> 00:26:18.150
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so i'm going to assume, but I should say I anyway, that you agree with this proposal, we will.

179
00:26:19.260 --> 00:26:22.890
Tracy Kuhrt: put these things in place to implement this proposal, please say Aye.

180
00:26:24.420 --> 00:26:24.960
Danno Ferrin: Aye.

181
00:26:25.980 --> 00:26:26.370
Bobbi Muscara: hi.

182
00:26:26.880 --> 00:26:28.140
Troy Ronda: hi hi.

183
00:26:29.670 --> 00:26:30.120
Troy Ronda: hi.

184
00:26:32.190 --> 00:26:36.270
Tracy Kuhrt: All right, I for me as well to this this proposal passes.

185
00:26:37.620 --> 00:26:46.140
Tracy Kuhrt: With whoever it is that we have on the call and metro we have everybody on the call or not, but it does pass with the right number of folks here so.

186
00:26:48.150 --> 00:27:01.470
Tracy Kuhrt: The next item on the list here is an update on the workshops that the areas in the communities had so i'm Sean I think you added this is this yours to cover.

187
00:27:01.830 --> 00:27:02.880
Sean Bohan: Yes, thanks Tracy.

188
00:27:04.590 --> 00:27:05.640
Ry Jones: You want to give him.

189
00:27:08.580 --> 00:27:09.900
Sean Bohan: yeah I can share my screen, if you want.

190
00:27:22.470 --> 00:27:24.390
Sean Bohan: Okay, everybody can see the screen.

191
00:27:25.470 --> 00:27:32.130
Sean Bohan: This is a quick update for the tasc on some of the work the Community architecture team has been doing around workshops this year.

192
00:27:34.470 --> 00:27:36.930
Sean Bohan: Basically, our goals with this.

193
00:27:38.220 --> 00:27:46.950
Sean Bohan: The committee architecture team supports the projects, but also part of our role is to bring in new contributors and get them introduced to projects and get them hands on.

194
00:27:48.060 --> 00:27:53.940
Sean Bohan: We our goal with these workshops is to test the concept, the content and the partnership model.

195
00:27:54.390 --> 00:28:05.790
Sean Bohan: We wanted to find best practices for future workshops, we do want to introduce new contributors to hyper ledger and while that should be the primary goal selfishly we want to test the concept and make sure this thing works and how we want to change it.

196
00:28:06.510 --> 00:28:15.330
Sean Bohan: We want to educate new contributors on the technical details of areas in indy and grow that pipeline of contributors to areas and indie and then optimize the concept for other projects.

197
00:28:16.620 --> 00:28:22.560
Sean Bohan: My end state goal would be all the projects form a nice orderly line in the hallway we can get them their own workshop.

198
00:28:23.760 --> 00:28:25.530
Sean Bohan: The format of these workshops.

199
00:28:26.640 --> 00:28:37.890
Sean Bohan: Were for our zoom workshops with breaks at the top of every hour there was a wiki page setup prerequisites office hours and handouts provided for each one we also did an after action email.

200
00:28:38.850 --> 00:28:42.870
Sean Bohan: which included links to the slides links to the video, if you want to watch it again.

201
00:28:43.710 --> 00:28:51.540
Sean Bohan: And in the case of areas in indy links to find your first ticket with areas and indeed with the different sub projects we want to encourage folks.

202
00:28:51.930 --> 00:28:58.830
Sean Bohan: who attended not just hey I went to a cool thing for four hours, but also we want to get them involved like create lots of little on ramps for them.

203
00:28:59.610 --> 00:29:06.840
Sean Bohan: The chat was handled over rocket chat zoom and YouTube streaming we'll talk about that a little bit in a second.

204
00:29:07.740 --> 00:29:17.340
Sean Bohan: Just overall the informative well presented and include interactions with the audience these both workshops were put on by indie CEO who are members of the hyper ledger foundation.

205
00:29:18.360 --> 00:29:21.000
Sean Bohan: And they are active contributors to both areas and indeed.

206
00:29:22.020 --> 00:29:26.820
Sean Bohan: The training was developer focused, but it contained a lot of business content, particularly upfront.

207
00:29:27.990 --> 00:29:36.240
Sean Bohan: identity is hard, this is a common joke, and they did it Community but also we want to make sure that there's a ground again why we're doing this and why this work exists.

208
00:29:38.400 --> 00:29:42.660
Sean Bohan: We need to have that context, any questions before I jump to the next slide.

209
00:29:44.730 --> 00:29:45.120
Sean Bohan: Okay.

210
00:29:46.230 --> 00:29:57.810
Sean Bohan: So overall results, the area's workshop occurred on January 20 we had 299 registrants we had 170 whitelisted we have 130 813 attendees.

211
00:29:58.290 --> 00:30:11.040
Sean Bohan: Of that we had 615 live stream views, so the live stream views are 615 since the event happens so the day we probably had 25 people on YouTube live streaming watching, along with the folks who are on zoom.

212
00:30:12.660 --> 00:30:23.700
Sean Bohan: The area's event generated 30 likes plus nine YouTube subscriptions to the hyper ledger channel on YouTube we had over 1000 wiki page views and 100 plus rocket chat joins in the days leading up to the event.

213
00:30:24.750 --> 00:30:33.540
Sean Bohan: we'll talk a little bit about our takeaways in the second regarding that data but attribution is hard, particularly within the Linux foundation so we're working on ways to make this.

214
00:30:34.050 --> 00:30:39.630
Sean Bohan: A more compelling story, and you see to the right areas chat channel history, this is data pulled from.

215
00:30:40.170 --> 00:30:51.630
Sean Bohan: fx you know, the message volume went up specifically on that day with folks asking questions people joined lf ID they joined the rocket chat for areas to ask questions, while the event was happening, which was great.

216
00:30:52.560 --> 00:31:09.720
Sean Bohan: indie which occurred on February 3 we had 377 registrants no waitlist, and the reason why we had a waitlist for areas and no waitlist for indie again we are testing the concept we wanted to keep the number of attendees manageable at 299 Reza registrations.

217
00:31:11.760 --> 00:31:21.390
Sean Bohan: It felt like that was the right number when we got done with the area's event we sat down with in DC and we agreed just open up the the registration list let everyone join if they'd like.

218
00:31:21.960 --> 00:31:31.800
Sean Bohan: We had 110 attendees 336 livestream views 25 likes for YouTube subscriptions 710 wiki page views and 70 plus rocket chat joints.

219
00:31:33.570 --> 00:31:44.070
Sean Bohan: We did notice from the data and you look again to the right of the table the Channel, obviously, the message volume went up through the roof of that day of people asking questions about what was happening in the workshop.

220
00:31:45.180 --> 00:31:50.490
Sean Bohan: There was overlap between the two events obviously so 87 indie registrants we're also registered for the areas workshop.

221
00:31:51.180 --> 00:31:59.040
Sean Bohan: We are unable to tell you how many people have those 87 actually showed up, but we know from a registration perspective was there.

222
00:31:59.610 --> 00:32:09.480
Sean Bohan: And the attendees we had great representation from independent developers multiple academic institutions Tata consulting services Accenture Bosch Siemens and Deutsche Telekom all showed up.

223
00:32:10.230 --> 00:32:16.650
Sean Bohan: So it was a great group of folks asking great questions any questions on this slide before I jump.

224
00:32:18.570 --> 00:32:21.720
Sean Bohan: cool next slide please oh wait i'm doing slide sorry.

225
00:32:23.130 --> 00:32:31.080
Sean Bohan: Early feedback, thank you all for this extraordinary workshop i'm not going to read these but we had some great feedback from the hyper ledger Latin America regional chapter.

226
00:32:31.410 --> 00:32:37.110
Sean Bohan: And that started a conversation with Community architecture and and the end co partners about what other languages, they could give this training in.

227
00:32:38.040 --> 00:32:54.090
Sean Bohan: Siemens was was in attendance, they left a great comment, we are patiently checking github to see if I use actually doesn't commit for contributing to areas we're looking forward to that and a couple of Nice comments on the future of indie and the training.

228
00:32:55.890 --> 00:33:03.180
Sean Bohan: Overall takeaways attributes that Linux Linux foundation is hard so someone registers for the events.

229
00:33:04.680 --> 00:33:17.400
Sean Bohan: Do they join lf ID to get into rocket chat do they leave their comments in the zoom chat or in YouTube we are working with the maintainer to ID if there are workshop participants who become contributors, this is more of a.

230
00:33:18.450 --> 00:33:25.470
Sean Bohan: Soft awareness thing like hey if you see somebody remember from the the event and they become contributes let's ask folks how did you find the end, how did you find areas.

231
00:33:26.040 --> 00:33:35.670
Sean Bohan: We are doing a short five question after workshop survey going to the registrants this is part of the follow up email, which includes links to know the github and the wiki and find your first ticket.

232
00:33:36.840 --> 00:33:50.130
Sean Bohan: I am in conversations with fit to see if we can identify registrants who then joined rocket chat I don't need to see lf ID i'm sorry fit I don't need to see the lf ids i'm asking.

233
00:33:51.330 --> 00:33:59.490
Sean Bohan: It to just take a look at this list of email registrants that we have and tell me how many folks joined within you know, a week before or since the events.

234
00:34:00.660 --> 00:34:05.850
Sean Bohan: We know larger groups of attendees are possible, the reason we originally kept the first event to 100 was wanting to be manageable.

235
00:34:06.570 --> 00:34:20.190
Sean Bohan: Having someone in chat answering questions is critical to how these events, work and Sam current in the case of both areas and the India event was was available in rocket chat and was great knocking down questions, but we also saw.

236
00:34:21.480 --> 00:34:29.070
Sean Bohan: Just Indian areas Community Members who were not at the event just pick it up questions and pointing folks to the right place, which is really great to see.

237
00:34:30.000 --> 00:34:36.420
Sean Bohan: These were tests, we did very little marketing upfront to attract you know the couple of hundred people who attend to these events.

238
00:34:36.780 --> 00:34:44.760
Sean Bohan: And DC to use some of their channels, I think we mentioned it on linkedin a couple of times, maybe once or twice on Twitter, again, we want to we're testing this out.

239
00:34:45.450 --> 00:34:52.020
Sean Bohan: For forming format first and then we can really you know work on the marketing of how do we get more folks to attend and more folks to interested in this.

240
00:34:53.880 --> 00:35:00.480
Sean Bohan: One thing I would note and i'm going to leave the link in zoom chat in a second when I get off the screen.

241
00:35:01.050 --> 00:35:09.240
Sean Bohan: Sam curran did a Community engagement section at the start of the indie at the end of areas and, at the start of the indie workshop.

242
00:35:09.600 --> 00:35:20.220
Sean Bohan: It was fantastic it really set the table for why not just why you're here to learn something but here's how open source works here's how your contribution, helps build this, we need your help.

243
00:35:20.640 --> 00:35:34.290
Sean Bohan: And, and also talking about like the culture of hyper ledger and Linux foundation, the culture of open source after the areas event I requested from in DC of that they put sam's presentation at the start, and I think it was great, and it was really well received.

244
00:35:35.640 --> 00:35:48.810
Sean Bohan: I mentioned before the fit event registration comparison our next workshop is happening in March, build your own nfc with hyper ledger fabric, this is for the historically black colleges and universities, this is a program that david's been spearheading.

245
00:35:50.070 --> 00:35:55.440
Sean Bohan: we're really looking forward to this we're working with chain yard on the nfc with hyper ledger fabric workshop.

246
00:35:56.520 --> 00:36:09.150
Sean Bohan: And we believe that after the first two, that this is a tactic, we want to continue to test optimize and as a joke before I would like to see all the projects for mortally line in the hallway so we can get them their own workshop any questions on this slide.

247
00:36:13.590 --> 00:36:13.890
Sean Bohan: Okay.

248
00:36:13.950 --> 00:36:22.860
Tracy Kuhrt: Now you're not gonna read it sure um I don't know that it's specifically question on this slide per se, but it seems like.

249
00:36:24.000 --> 00:36:44.640
Tracy Kuhrt: These workshops were held, because the staff worked with maybe a member company or a company in the Community, who was interested in helping out to participate in and bring these workshops out to the larger audiences is like.

250
00:36:45.780 --> 00:36:57.270
Tracy Kuhrt: i'm sure there's a lot of interest in hosting additional workshops what's the right way to do that, or to get involved or did you know volunteers, step up, whatever the right term is you want to use.

251
00:36:57.990 --> 00:37:12.840
Tracy Kuhrt: But you know how to how to other projects say like hey this looks like it was a useful endeavor and i'd like to you know spend some time to put together a workshop with the Linux foundation and move forward from there.

252
00:37:13.200 --> 00:37:13.590
So.

253
00:37:15.120 --> 00:37:17.820
Sean Bohan: yeah i'll give a quick answer i'll let David way and.

254
00:37:20.070 --> 00:37:34.260
Sean Bohan: We are working right now on meeting with the project on on a meeting with the maintainer is on a project by project basis to talk about ways that they can help grow their contributor base, and this is going to be depending on the project, one of the tactics that we put forward.

255
00:37:35.730 --> 00:37:44.640
Sean Bohan: A smaller project may not be ready for this, so they may not have the components ready to go, whereas area areas in indy and fabric are ready.

256
00:37:44.970 --> 00:37:57.630
Sean Bohan: And so we're going to be customized in that presentation to the projects but um but yeah we're we're going to be directly engaging the maintenance of the projects to talk about the effects of this, but also other things they can do David you had your hand raised.

257
00:37:59.160 --> 00:38:10.920
David Boswell: yeah I was just going to give a little bit of history of where these came from both the Indian areas, one that we just wrapped up in the fabric one that's coming up, you know it really started with just a conversation with people involved in the project about what do you need.

258
00:38:11.490 --> 00:38:18.630
David Boswell: And then you know we developed this on top of the you know, on top of the answers to the question so that would just be what I would encourage.

259
00:38:19.380 --> 00:38:26.850
David Boswell: Anybody from any project or any lab to be thinking about you know what do you need, and then you can reach out to us and we can have a conversation in the case of Indian areas.

260
00:38:27.420 --> 00:38:33.900
David Boswell: You know, we talked to Steve and we talked to a number of different containers, in particular, Stephen can was kind of the point person and.

261
00:38:34.440 --> 00:38:42.600
David Boswell: You know the answer came down to we need more users, we need more contributors, so we you know and they had identified, you know onboarding as.

262
00:38:43.200 --> 00:38:51.270
David Boswell: You know, a current roadblock and current barriers so you know, this is where the the genesis of these workshops came from similar to.

263
00:38:51.810 --> 00:39:05.730
David Boswell: You know, as Sean said, the next fabric, a workshop is aimed at trying to help hbc use a debate we went to them and reached out and they said hey we're really interested in fabric, for example, we want to teach it in our classes, but.

264
00:39:06.240 --> 00:39:11.730
David Boswell: to heart, and you know it's too much of a barrier right now for us to do that, what can you do to help us make it easier so.

265
00:39:13.290 --> 00:39:18.420
David Boswell: You know if you're interested in tapping into the idea of a workshop or the idea of anything on project services.

266
00:39:19.140 --> 00:39:25.650
David Boswell: Just thinking about what do you need, and you know that could be the starting point of a conversation, you know that to tie it back to you know what.

267
00:39:26.040 --> 00:39:33.180
David Boswell: Angela was saying earlier, you know, maybe you don't necessarily Sara Lee need maybe your needs are different from India or areas, maybe you need translators.

268
00:39:33.180 --> 00:39:33.810
Tracy Kuhrt: Instead of.

269
00:39:34.230 --> 00:39:42.030
David Boswell: You know, users, for example, but you know we can you know work with you and put something together, you know that that does fit your needs.

270
00:39:43.470 --> 00:39:47.340
David Boswell: And thank you to shawn for putting all that together and me and my big takeaway was that.

271
00:39:47.880 --> 00:39:55.830
David Boswell: The demand for any any information about hyper ledger is strong as Shannon said we did very little marketing and filled up very quickly.

272
00:39:56.190 --> 00:40:05.850
David Boswell: You know people want this want to learn about what hyper ledger is doing so, if you want to get out there, you know people want to hear what you have to say about your project.

273
00:40:07.620 --> 00:40:20.550
David Boswell: And so it was just very encouraging that it was so easy to get people to just you know, step up and say hey i'm really interested in this even I was thinking who's gonna you know are people going to sit through you know four hours of content, and I mean yeah they did.

274
00:40:22.410 --> 00:40:28.140
Sean Bohan: And one of the things that we noticed it wasn't just four hours of presentation is probably an hour and a half.

275
00:40:28.530 --> 00:40:37.560
Sean Bohan: A presentation that a lot of hands on and then, all credit and kudos to the indie seo team who put together a really great event, one of the one of the bits of feedback we got.

276
00:40:39.090 --> 00:40:47.040
Sean Bohan: You know, we asked everyone to go into rocket chat to leave their questions and comments they did office hours which really weren't really well attended.

277
00:40:47.310 --> 00:40:50.280
Sean Bohan: And then you know the day of the event, people were asking questions that would have been.

278
00:40:50.850 --> 00:41:02.490
Sean Bohan: You know, taking care of an office hours we're working on how do we really make sure office hours are fun front and Center as far as something you should do you want to participate, maybe four hours is too long, maybe we can break it out into two hour chunks.

279
00:41:03.990 --> 00:41:18.870
Sean Bohan: It was kind of tough having you know zoom chat rocket chat and people leaving comments on the stream on YouTube but, even so, like we were copying pasting questions from YouTube into rocket chat getting answers bringing them back so folks were engaged, it was a really.

280
00:41:20.130 --> 00:41:21.210
Sean Bohan: It was it was really good to see.

281
00:41:24.150 --> 00:41:33.510
Sean Bohan: And I left a link in chat if you'd like to see Sam current it's roughly like a seven to 10 minute presentation on contribution and why you should be a part of this it's pretty good if you want to see it.

282
00:41:41.190 --> 00:41:57.420
Aruna S M: And you will put the vision, so I asked on discord channel, so I like this idea of what Sam, this is it possible for us to ask some or maybe an office will go and prepare a template it paragraph that any other project can make use of and most of their calls.

283
00:42:05.460 --> 00:42:07.050
Sean Bohan: i'm sorry room I got.

284
00:42:07.200 --> 00:42:09.840
Sean Bohan: Some weird static on my line, could you ask that question again.

285
00:42:13.440 --> 00:42:14.310
Aruna S M: i'm sorry let.

286
00:42:16.890 --> 00:42:18.990
Aruna S M: me switch my Microsoft so, is it better now.

287
00:42:19.740 --> 00:42:20.190
Sean Bohan: Much better.

288
00:42:21.030 --> 00:42:23.790
Aruna S M: Okay, so I was hanging out I like the idea of what Sam did.

289
00:42:23.940 --> 00:42:34.980
Aruna S M: And it would be nice if we can ask them to create a template at paragraph that we can share across with every other project, and we can ask them to presenters or maybe start with this in their meetings.

290
00:42:35.760 --> 00:42:42.720
Aruna S M: And in their workshops in future, eventually, or maybe even if we out the recording we can do that as well.

291
00:42:43.410 --> 00:42:50.370
Sean Bohan: yeah I mean if folks on the tsu want to take a look at it, I think you'll really like it it's specific to Indian areas, obviously, because.

292
00:42:50.760 --> 00:43:00.480
Sean Bohan: within it, Sam goes over a little high level of like you know there's areas there's ursa there's indie here's the diff here's what's going on the w three see there's like a minute have sort of an ecosystem view.

293
00:43:00.990 --> 00:43:14.310
Sean Bohan: But um yeah I don't see why we couldn't ask Sam to do a wise contribution important and share that with everyone might my goal in the takeaways and and the best practices document were writing up is for any workshop.

294
00:43:15.510 --> 00:43:25.620
Sean Bohan: You know phase is going to do this we're attracting new people who, maybe, maybe know basie but they don't know hyper ledger they've never contribute to open source before we did have folks who are new to open source which was great.

295
00:43:26.430 --> 00:43:31.740
Sean Bohan: This is the kind of thing that somebody in that project should present like why you want to be here, why you want to contribute.

296
00:43:32.790 --> 00:43:42.300
Sean Bohan: I would love you know, Sam Sam does a great job and maybe we make him like a template we give to other projects and just inserted in there, but uh yeah definitely it's something that we want to do.

297
00:43:48.540 --> 00:43:52.620
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, thanks Sean for presenting that to us, I think it.

298
00:43:53.910 --> 00:44:05.400
Tracy Kuhrt: will be really good to get some of the other projects doing workshops as well, so i'm looking forward to seeing those come through and being able to share them with my network, which I know I gave for.

299
00:44:06.660 --> 00:44:12.690
Tracy Kuhrt: Both were both of the workshops, as well as the upcoming one so hoping everybody else has done that as well.

300
00:44:14.700 --> 00:44:28.260
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, so we do have one more topic of discussion on our list in the agenda, it is around just a follow up on discord I know i'm seeing some chats or any in discord.

301
00:44:29.130 --> 00:44:46.350
Tracy Kuhrt: Related to not seeing a TC channel in rocket chat anymore, and those sorts of things, but what did you I guess hand it over to Ryan, for the moment, so that he can talk about kind of where we're at with discord and.

302
00:44:47.370 --> 00:44:53.940
Tracy Kuhrt: And what what he's seeing, which I think is you know at least what i'm seeing is that there's a lot of engagement going on right now and discord.

303
00:44:56.970 --> 00:44:57.540
Ry Jones: Thank you Tracy.

304
00:44:59.400 --> 00:45:02.370
Ry Jones: i'm definitely seeing a lot more engagement on discord.

305
00:45:04.020 --> 00:45:10.320
Ry Jones: One thing that I have tried to do in this handover or this transition is to.

306
00:45:11.460 --> 00:45:25.410
Ry Jones: delegate the the ability to do things to the edge, which means the maintainer is of, say, the areas group there is channel there is project sorry have control over the channels, I have asked.

307
00:45:26.550 --> 00:45:31.470
Ry Jones: In follow up emails that when people create channels, a they add a.

308
00:45:32.640 --> 00:45:33.600
Ry Jones: They add a description.

309
00:45:34.890 --> 00:45:44.850
Ry Jones: And it also makes our lives easier Sean right now is the one that is handling most of the adding people to groups, but if you.

310
00:45:46.410 --> 00:45:51.750
Ry Jones: Go and take a look at the total his profile he doesn't have a link to get hub, but if you look at.

311
00:45:53.310 --> 00:45:57.810
Ry Jones: My profile I do well, I thought I had a link to github available here.

312
00:45:59.760 --> 00:46:00.420
Ry Jones: weird.

313
00:46:04.440 --> 00:46:06.030
Ry Jones: It makes it easier to verify.

314
00:46:08.220 --> 00:46:21.000
Ry Jones: There we go, so, if you look at someone's profile, you can see that they actually went through and linked their github account to that and it makes it much easier for us to give you the appropriate permissions.

315
00:46:22.410 --> 00:46:25.980
Ry Jones: I do have a process for archiving and exporting the channels.

316
00:46:29.640 --> 00:46:35.310
Ry Jones: i'm interested in any and all feedback What could we be doing better.

317
00:46:39.030 --> 00:46:39.750
Ry Jones: Any questions.

318
00:46:47.310 --> 00:46:52.560
Tracy Kuhrt: yeah I mean, I think that you know at least what i've seen since we.

319
00:46:53.940 --> 00:46:56.190
Tracy Kuhrt: Officially, voted on this last week.

320
00:46:57.390 --> 00:47:12.390
Tracy Kuhrt: Is that, for one, the number of people who join the discord server over the weekend was huge right and the numbers of people who were online or and or offline.

321
00:47:14.670 --> 00:47:19.080
Tracy Kuhrt: was a lot more than it had been the Friday before right.

322
00:47:20.220 --> 00:47:23.490
Tracy Kuhrt: So you know I think there's a lot of good things that are happening there.

323
00:47:25.050 --> 00:47:35.610
Tracy Kuhrt: I also see a lot of conversations happening in places where I didn't see conversations happening before and rocket chat with the project, so I think that's a really big thing that's happening.

324
00:47:36.750 --> 00:47:39.720
Tracy Kuhrt: I think, obviously there's there's some things that just.

325
00:47:40.830 --> 00:47:56.280
Tracy Kuhrt: With it being new or learning and and maybe some things that we, we need to help people understand how they might go about doing stuff, but I think that's all part of the learning process so that's what i've seen Sean.

326
00:47:57.630 --> 00:48:14.670
Sean Bohan: Oh yeah just a quick note i'm reaching out to the project meditators I did on the maintainer chat channel, but like overall just individually, the areas team put out a great sort of start here on the Aries channel which they then pinned to the top of the Channel.

327
00:48:16.410 --> 00:48:20.130
Sean Bohan: What we want to do as a new person joins this discord.

328
00:48:21.450 --> 00:48:33.870
Sean Bohan: We want to be able to say as a welcome message like hey check out the pinned you know message at the top and the case of Aries once again they lay out like here's where you know our github is and here's where a wiki is and here's where you find your first ticket for these projects.

329
00:48:35.250 --> 00:48:46.590
Sean Bohan: it's not a directive like every project must do this, but if I think in the case of basically they point to the docks which is great like there's there's something when you show up in the main channel that says like hey check this out and so that's something we're gonna.

330
00:48:47.790 --> 00:49:02.070
Sean Bohan: i'm going to reach out to folks and see if they can they can do so that, when we do this welcome message which we haven't written yet because we're still moving things along we're able to give new folks like at least a pointer to the trailhead to find out where they want to go.

331
00:49:04.770 --> 00:49:11.310
Ry Jones: yeah so this, this is the current welcome message that you get it is very.

332
00:49:12.840 --> 00:49:13.290
Ry Jones: vanilla.

333
00:49:15.060 --> 00:49:17.430
Ry Jones: So i'm totally open to.

334
00:49:19.050 --> 00:49:25.500
Ry Jones: You know, whatever edits anyone thinks would make this a little more informative please let us know.

335
00:49:36.090 --> 00:49:48.870
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, any any comments ED I mean, I see a lot of questions on the score itself but anything that people are wondering about or thinking about.

336
00:49:50.550 --> 00:49:56.310
Tracy Kuhrt: Our no, thank you for sharing the changing your name your nickname on the server.

337
00:49:57.810 --> 00:49:58.680
Tracy Kuhrt: You haven't seen that.

338
00:49:59.910 --> 00:50:01.020
Tracy Kuhrt: highly recommend it.

339
00:50:09.450 --> 00:50:12.240
Tracy Kuhrt: We were very a very quiet group today.

340
00:50:14.040 --> 00:50:16.710
Ry Jones: We were talking before the meeting started about.

341
00:50:18.150 --> 00:50:20.430
Ry Jones: adding additional roles for.

342
00:50:21.870 --> 00:50:22.890
Ry Jones: adding additional roles.

343
00:50:24.270 --> 00:50:25.680
Ry Jones: This is all work in progress.

344
00:50:26.730 --> 00:50:31.500
Ry Jones: So if you feel there's something that you should be able to do that, you can't.

345
00:50:33.240 --> 00:50:36.030
Ry Jones: Just please jump in the in the.

346
00:50:37.110 --> 00:50:43.830
Ry Jones: Staff category and ask away I want us to succeed yeah.

347
00:50:45.930 --> 00:50:48.120
Ry Jones: I will try to figure it out, I will try to help.

348
00:50:52.500 --> 00:51:13.260
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah so maybe you can help me understand or confirm what I think i've understood now is that you know, so this code, there is a free tier that we all get to use initially, and then you can individually register and have some added features such as setting your actual name.

349
00:51:14.490 --> 00:51:33.480
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): And then the server that you connect to can also have its own added features which you guys have paid for for hyper ledger and it allows us to do things like adding your your your actual name but that's because you guys have added the feature is that right.

350
00:51:35.100 --> 00:51:36.510
Ry Jones: I think that is right.

351
00:51:37.710 --> 00:51:47.160
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): yeah is those booster things that I think we're benefiting and so that means that's why the interface is now always very you know.

352
00:51:47.520 --> 00:52:01.440
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): In today's because, depending on whether this is setting that service specific or whether its global based on your account and things that are not appearing, the same way, and so it took me a while to figure this out so.

353
00:52:03.120 --> 00:52:07.470
Ry Jones: yeah and I have enabled to pay for.

354
00:52:08.610 --> 00:52:24.450
Ry Jones: If if you want to take a moderator action to you'd have to have a enabled on your account, and I was working with Sean over on so Lang and we could not figure out why he couldn't do a thing they should have been able to do, and it was because he didn't have to FA enabled.

355
00:52:26.130 --> 00:52:29.160
Ry Jones: So there are a lot of little ui.

356
00:52:31.050 --> 00:52:32.670
Ry Jones: discoveries to be made, I think.

357
00:52:38.940 --> 00:52:40.830
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Of course, they said, these are right.

358
00:52:46.290 --> 00:53:00.720
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): It looks pretty good so far, I have to say, but of course as Tracy were saying you know, every new to new tool comes with its own little things that have to learn know hardaway so it's not different.

359
00:53:05.640 --> 00:53:06.630
Tracy Kuhrt: hey either.

360
00:53:06.720 --> 00:53:10.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Either comments on the discord migration.

361
00:53:17.460 --> 00:53:21.510
Aruna S M: I guess, I still have some concerns with I don't know if it is discord or.

362
00:53:22.650 --> 00:53:28.380
Aruna S M: Something else but i'm still unable to access it right with my work laptop.

363
00:53:29.160 --> 00:53:31.530
Aruna S M: So let me share my screen and.

364
00:53:31.650 --> 00:53:33.990
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): Do use the Web client or the APP.

365
00:53:35.280 --> 00:53:45.150
Aruna S M: So APP also doesn't work, and it is hangs out that I whenever I start the APP it tries to update and that's that's all it ends up in infinite loop.

366
00:53:45.630 --> 00:53:47.340
Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM): keeps increasing system on your.

367
00:53:49.710 --> 00:53:50.160
Aruna S M: MAC.

368
00:53:51.720 --> 00:53:52.170
Aruna S M: This is.

369
00:53:52.710 --> 00:54:04.860
Aruna S M: Here, that is it's literally law, and even if I disconnect from my vpn looks like company has applied some policy on my browser that couldn't, allow me to see our access the site.

370
00:54:14.640 --> 00:54:17.940
Aruna S M: I don't know if it is just me or others also faced as a show.

371
00:54:20.580 --> 00:54:21.810
Tracy Kuhrt: i've not had any issues.

372
00:54:25.500 --> 00:54:33.720
Tracy Kuhrt: Based on that message it looks like walmart may have actually disabled, the access to that domain in general.

373
00:54:35.370 --> 00:54:43.500
Tracy Kuhrt: So maybe something you need to work with your it folks to get access to specifically with some sort of security exception.

374
00:54:48.240 --> 00:54:48.720
Aruna S M: charge.

375
00:54:55.350 --> 00:55:00.600
Aruna S M: Hope it doesn't happen, I mean it doesn't occur with others for first time coming in.

376
00:55:01.980 --> 00:55:03.150
Tracy Kuhrt: I agree, I agree.

377
00:55:06.870 --> 00:55:15.330
Tracy Kuhrt: I think we, you know we did some testing, obviously with the people who had joined before it became official and we did not see this issue.

378
00:55:16.830 --> 00:55:22.620
Tracy Kuhrt: So I guess the assumption was that it was an issue, but maybe.

379
00:55:24.240 --> 00:55:25.680
Tracy Kuhrt: Maybe that was a bad assumption here.

380
00:55:33.810 --> 00:55:40.590
Tracy Kuhrt: Alright, well, hopefully, everybody gets the opportunity to join discord if they haven't already.

381
00:55:42.240 --> 00:55:54.240
Tracy Kuhrt: See currently six TEAM members, I think there were 70 SPC Members on at some point today during our call So hopefully the rest of us can get over there and have the conversations happen.

382
00:55:58.020 --> 00:56:06.960
Tracy Kuhrt: With that I think i'm going to close the meeting for today, and thank you all for for joining and participating, we will see you again next week.

383
00:56:09.420 --> 00:56:09.690
Angelo De Caro: bye.

384
00:56:11.280 --> 00:56:11.850
Sean Bohan: Everybody.

385
00:56:12.000 --> 00:56:12.810
Hart Montgomery: Thanks Tracy.

