1. [Hyperledger](index.html)
2. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19595403.html)
3. [TSC Working Group Updates](TSC-Working-Group-Updates_19599336.html)

# Hyperledger : 2019 Q3 Smart Contracts WG

Created by sterzi, last modified by Silas Davis on Sep 26, 2019

## ***Smart Contracts*** Working Group

# Working Group Health

The overall health is OK. The work products are progressing. We started a collaboration with the Performance WG. New contributors/participants are joining but many old participants either stopped attending or participate in other WG or started a WG/SIG of their own. So participation and contribution should be boosted somehow, any advice is welcome.

# Issues

Participation is an issue from time to time.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

The taxonomy has been sent to the TSC for review, and it still gathers participants attention and contribution. The White Paper regarding SC in the Public sector is about to be sent for review to the TSC. A collaboration with the Performance WG (Vipin and Mark) has started regarding the Provenance Use case and a table gathering blockchain Business and Use cases are being formed. Law subjects have received attention from two lawyers who are contributing their knowledge regarding legal matters.

# Planned Work Products

Provenance use case from Smart Contracts templates perspective

Supply Chain Smart Contracts templates

Blockchain Business and Use Cases table to create a complete list and then create templates for the Smart Contracts regarding them

Taxonomy ver 2.0

# Participant Diversity

The SC WG has a steady number of participants/contributors. They are not many but they are different from the ones started, so in general, I can say that the WG can overcome single participant departure.

# Additional Information

The Taxonomy has to be Reviewed by the TSC, we should set a date to present it.

# Reviewed By

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:46

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
