1. [Hyperledger](index.html)
2. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19595403.html)
3. [TSC Working Group Updates](TSC-Working-Group-Updates_19599336.html)

# Hyperledger : 2019 Q3 Technical Working Group China

Created by J Guo, last modified by Arnaud J LE HORS on Sep 11, 2019

*reporter: [J Guo](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:6a297646-8eaf-48bb-afd9-76ce748a10eb?ref=confluence)*

# Working Group Health

Overall, it's good.

In this quarter, TWGC keeps focusing on 4 areas: Development &amp; Innovation, i18n &amp; Education, Collaboration &amp; Scenarios, Event Organizations. Most of them went well and we kept seeing new volunteers. 

# Issues

- WG has been experimenting Transifex for i18n. We encountered two major issues and they were raised to Fabric maintainers.
  
  - Product is currently hosted in personal repo via readthedocs. WG has reached out to Fabric maintainers and Hyperledger lab gardener to discuss how to formalize the process. It was suggested to leverage Github pipeline, once Fabric has made the move.
  - Even though Fabric docs currently live with code, they are not strictly versioned. This introduces certain overhead to keep up with the change

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

- TWGC regularly held bi-weekly meetings, with 40+ attendees on average, which doubles the number of last quarter
- A new Fabric-centric project, Justitia, was proposed to the community. TWGC was mentoring the author about process. The project is now in collaboration with Cello and interop WG
- TWGC organized 5 meetups covering Beijing, Chengdu, Shenzhen, Nanjing, and one online session
- To encourage community contribution and involvement, TWGC has been publishing quarterly contribution list, including both code and translation. Top contributors will be awarded with the help from LF

# Planned Work Products

Document translation, volunteer engagement, meetup events

# Participant Diversity

WG participants are geographically distributed across all major cities in China, and affiliated with many different companies, ranging from tech giant and startups.

# Additional Information

N/A

# Reviewed By

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:46

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
