1. [Hyperledger](index.html)
2. [Working Groups](Working-Groups_19595403.html)
3. [TSC Working Group Updates](TSC-Working-Group-Updates_19599336.html)

# Hyperledger : 2019 Q3 Performance and Scale WG

Created by Mark Wagner, last modified by Christopher Ferris on Aug 15, 2019

# Working Group

Performance and Scale Working Group (PSWG)

# Working Group Health

Getting some new energy with this WG.

There are several new papers / presentations that we are reviewing.

The group has   "moved up the stack" and started to focus on provenance in the supply chain space. We are looking to define basic performance and scalability measurements for that area.

We figuring out the best way to work with other working groups, SIGs, and projects to help draw out their thoughts, expertise, etc.

We are also looking at how to integrate Caliper output directly into the website. This is ongoing.

Attendance is starting to pick up a bit. We need to figure out the draw and get more people interested. Personally I think its a mixture of reviewing other performance work in addition to blazing new ground.

# Issues

The move to Confluence has not gone smoothly. No time to go learn it.

# Overall Activity in the Past Quarter

We held fairly regular meetings. The goal is to meet every week but some needed to get cancelled this summer.

The mail list and rocketchat have never been very popular with this WG.

# Planned Work Products

TBD

# Participant Diversity

Growing slightly A mix of academia and business

# Additional Information

# Reviewed By

- Arnaud Le Hors
- Baohua Yang
- Binh Nguyen
- Christopher Ferris
- Dan Middleton
- Hart Montgomery
- Kelly Olson
- Mark Wagner
- Mic Bowman
- Nathan George
- Silas Davis

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:46

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
