1. [Hyperledger](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust](LF-Decentralized-Trust_19595266.html)
3. [Policies and Procedures](Policies-and-Procedures_19595414.html)

# Hyperledger : Project Twitter Account Guidelines

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Dec 15, 2021

Hyperledger Projects can request the creation of a Twitter account for their project if they feel that it would help them engage with users and contributors.  Any project that wants a Twitter account will need to follow these guidelines:

**Creating A Project Twitter Account**

- The Twitter account needs to be accessible by both Hyperledger staff and the people from the project who will be tweeting.  This is to make sure that if a project becomes inactive that someone on staff will still be able to access the account.  We will set up an email alias with the relevant people and set that alias as the email for the account.
- Hyperledger staff does not need to approve any tweets that the project makes, but we do ask for visibility into any scheduled posts on the account.  This is to give staff the ability to understand when certain messages are going to be posted so we can coordinate our messaging accordingly.  To do this, we'll set up a TweetDeck account that both staff and people from the project can use.

**Posting Guidelines**

- Keep messages positive and uplifting, consistent with the values and principles of the Hyperledger Foundation
  
- Communicate big picture ideas vs “announcements” or news. News will be positioned less like an announcement and more around what it means
- Share content across social media channels that benefit the ecosystem as a whole
- Share vendor-neutral, community-sourced posts that are informational, engaging, and ecosystem-focused
- Engage with the community through retweets and sharing of community content
- Ecosystem content is vendor-neutral and project-impartial sourced from contributors, maintainers, ambassadors, news outlets, etc., including blog posts, news coverage, thought leadership bylines, technology demos, sketch notes, GitHub work, cloud native-specific Meetups, etc
- Community content that abides by the channel guidelines + includes insight from/work with more than one Hyperledger project will be prioritized for sharing
- Activities that are hosted by and open to the public can be promoted, as they benefit the ecosystem as a whole
- Images shared, unless specifically credited back to a community member, will meet the requirements of “free for commercial use” and “no attribution required”

These guidelines could apply to other social media platforms as needed.

**Known Project Twitter Accounts**

- [Hyperledger Besu](https://twitter.com/HyperledgerBesu)
- [Hyperledger Sawtooth](https://twitter.com/hl_sawtooth)

If you are aware of any other Twitter accounts for other Hyperledger projects, please add a note in the comments.

Thanks to the [CNCF Social Media Guidelines document](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/social-guidelines.md) for providing a model for these guidelines.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:46

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
