1. [Hyperledger](index.html)
2. [LF Decentralized Trust](LF-Decentralized-Trust_19595266.html)
3. [Policies and Procedures](Policies-and-Procedures_19595414.html)

# Hyperledger : Sub-Domain Policy

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Apr 22, 2022

This is a **draft document** that covers what our policy is for creating sub-domains of hyperledger.org (such as wiki.hyperledger.org or grid.hyperledger.org).

For reference, a list of sub-domains as of March 2022 is available at: [Hyperledger DNS](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~ryjones/pages/22446099/Hyperledger+DNS)

### Types of Sub-Domains

We currently have different types of sub-domains and there may be a different criteria for each type. The types of sub-domains are:

- Project sub-domains (such as grid.hyperledger.org that points to stand-alone sites for some projects)
- Language sub-domains (such as es.hyperledger.org that points to localized content on [www.hyperledger.org)](http://www.hyperledger.org%29)
- Services sub-domains (such as wiki.hyperledger.org that points to a tool that is used by the community)
- One-off sub-domains (such as challenge.hyperledger.org that points to a stand-alone site for some activity or group other than a project)

### Criteria for creating a Sub-Domain

Each category may need to have a different criteria for determining if we create a new sub-domain.  Some thoughts for each category:

- Project sub-domains: There are a few open questions about this that the TSC may have thoughts about:
  
  - When is it appropriate for a project to have a sub-domain?  For example, is it tied in to additional support for reaching graduated status or not?.
  - How is the project site hosted and does the TSC and/or Hyperledger staff have access to edit and update the site and get analytics?
  - How is the site branded and designed?  Do we want there to be some consistency across project sites so it is easy for people to navigate multiple project sites?
- Language sub-domains: Staff will set this up when a new language is added to the site
- Services sub-domains: Staff will set this up when a new tool is added to the community
- One-off sub-domains: The TSC may have some thoughts on criteria for this – perhaps the criteria should be about the sub-domain needing to relate to an officially sanctioned community activity?

### Process for requesting a Sub-Domain

If someone is interested in a sub-domain, they can reach out to the [Community Architects alias](mailto:ca-eco@hyperledger.org).

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:46

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
