00:06:54	Sam Curren (TelegramSam):	https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/ARIES/2023-06-14+Aries+Working+Group+Call
00:08:28	Warren Gallagher:	Nope
00:26:37	Steve McCown:	A couple of years ago, ToIP and Sovrin released a collaboration agreement.  Their PR might help us create a joint statement with OWF.  Here’s that release:  https://trustoverip.org/news/2021/05/10/trust-over-ip-and-sovrin-sign-agreement-to-strengthen-collaboration/
00:36:52	Akiff Manji:	https://github.com/hyperledger/aries/discussions/20#discussioncomment-6002691
00:40:36	Timo Glastra:	I think yes stays on for longer
00:40:52	Akiff Manji:	Or raise hand?
00:59:52	Daniel Bluhm:	https://github.com/decentralized-identity/peer-did-method-spec/issues/50  Issue I raised on method 3 -- I'd really like to see this addressed before we get too into implementations
00:59:53	Timo Glastra:	I'll do my best to get something in place before next weeks call
01:00:11	Warren Gallagher:	Great Discussion.
