1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-07-27 Meeting notes - Asset-store RFC discussion

Created by Nikita Puzankov, last modified on Jul 27, 2020

## Date

27 Jul 2020

## Attendees

- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Yuriy Vinogradov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:0b85dbf9-2cc9-4bee-a3a0-2815e5bb51eb?ref=confluence)
- [Vladislav Markushin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ecbc0c8eb77320c1f684409?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Ales Zivkovic](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b3a36d1d38a522e77ff78c0?ref=confluence)

## Goals

- Discuss [Asset-store data reading &amp; writing](21016692.html) RFC
  
  - Define scenario
  - Extract requirements
  - Write down open questions
  - Write down plan and have an agreement

## Discussion items

ItemWhoNotesScenarios [DEX Generic Scenarios](DEX-Generic-Scenarios_21012490.html)

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- The goal of this RFC is to have an agreement about basic DEX scenarios
- [Yuriy Vinogradov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:0b85dbf9-2cc9-4bee-a3a0-2815e5bb51eb?ref=confluence) needs more implementation details in the prototype and agreed to work on scenarios provided in this RFC

Open questions for Iroha 2.0

[Yuriy Vinogradov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:0b85dbf9-2cc9-4bee-a3a0-2815e5bb51eb?ref=confluence)

- There are some security concerns about usage of ISI + Event Triggers + Permissions which should be addressed in the prototype
- [Vladislav Markushin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ecbc0c8eb77320c1f684409?ref=confluence) has a proposal using "stored procedures" and inlined permissions

RFC and other processes

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Responsibility between Iroha and dependent projects should be defined
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) should conduct more meetings to present more information and gather more needs from other projects

## Action items

- [Yuriy Vinogradov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:0b85dbf9-2cc9-4bee-a3a0-2815e5bb51eb?ref=confluence) and [Vladislav Markushin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ecbc0c8eb77320c1f684409?ref=confluence) update list of questions [Asset-store data reading &amp; writing](21016692.html)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)to write a prototype using Event Triggers and answer all question from [Asset-store data reading &amp; writing](21016692.html)
- Maksim or [Vladislav Markushin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ecbc0c8eb77320c1f684409?ref=confluence) review this prototype
- [Yuriy Vinogradov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:0b85dbf9-2cc9-4bee-a3a0-2815e5bb51eb?ref=confluence) and other stakeholders review RFC

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
