1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-05 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 05, 2020

## Date

05 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev

## Goals

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Regarding the issue with the loss of synchronization between WSV and blockstore
  
  - I found another problem in the loop of applying blocks, which has no conditions before.
  - Currently, working on the solution of how to fix such an issue.
- Also worked on the benchmarks for the RocksDB integration
  
  - There are some possible issues with validation of transactions, some of them probably not satisfied the required condition. The issue is related to the handling precision of the transactions.
  - I wrote a fix with the additional validations for several operations, including the transfer of assets

 Stepan Lavrentev

- Will check the current state of the problem with validation, which was found by Andrey
- Continuing checks of functional changes in upcoming 1.2.0 release
  
  - There were no stated dependencies for the Go (while building with Ursa) in documentation
  - Other parts are going good
- Together with DevOps discussed the QA environment for Iroha. There is no critical need in it. Currently, we made in "on-demand", so it will be UP in 1 hour after asking to up it.
- We need to have a fix to the environment variables to make the deploy more comfortable now.
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) There was an idea how to transform config to env vars
  - Because of the usage of the Docker image, the Iroha uses the config file by default. If we can avoid using the "-config" parameter, it will make things easier.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
