1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-06-09 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Jun 09, 2020

## Date

09 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- We are trying to set up Jira and GitHub integration, probably just using the Jira issue ID will work
- Proceeding with permissions and event listeners, made a PR
- Prepared slides and demo session
- Have many discussion about the functionality of the bridge for the internal project
- We are waiting for a review of the domain model from Makoto, I will find the question
- Updated contribution guide and readme about the building and deployment
- Will proceed with the genesis block issue, will extract the configuration from different modules
- Requested DevOps team for help with CI, we need them to configure

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Helped with preparation for the demo session, it took 1-2 hours
  
  - Fixed a bug in the Docker configuration
- Now I am started with Sumeragi refactoring, according to suggestion from Nikita. We have discussed it in the chat.
- Then I will proceed with the timeout of blocks.

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Iurii requested the order of transactions, I am currently clarifying the use case. The current approach may not work. Will resolve the issue and provide suggestions to RFC.
- Also reviewing the state to be in sync.
- There is a question regarding the transaction forwarding: currently peers broadcasts transactions to the leader only. We can broadcast transactions for everybody, to avoid malicious leader related issues.
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; If the block is finalized and the leader does not want to add it to the chain, we need to find a way how to avoid it.
  
  - I got the idea, will describe it in the RFC for the Sumeragi.

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We need to create a roadmap and expose the date of running test network. Then the community can join, become validators and try the things.

## Action items

- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)  will create an issue in Jira about the transaction forwarding in Sumeragi

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
