1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-06-29 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Jul 02, 2020

## Date

29 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Will manage weekly status meetings with all interns in the aim to keep the pace of development
- Reviewed the RFC for MST, there is nothing new there. Also, there are some overcomplications. Will do comments to the RFC according to my vision.
  
  - Then we can discuss it with the whole team on the project discussion session
- Will check the PR for Iroha and discuss it with Mikhail
- Did not participate in the discussion about linking libraries.
- No new updates on the proposal for Iroha 2 regarding modular structure.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There are 2 solutions to the library linkage issue:
  
  - PR to our modified crypto library in the aim to add C++ interface to the existing C one
  - Another - is to add patch to vcpkg which will add the prefix to the names of the library
- There is also a question regarding the Utimaco integration. Not clear about the library distribution approach. Can we distribute current simulation package or Utimaco will have another one? 
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) &gt; Is there any information about that package on the public Utimaco website? We need to check it and if it is available, we can use it in the Docker image.
  - We need to decide about the approach for deploy.
- Ready to proceed with the SecuroSys integration, will dig into the documentation
- Will try to proceed with the proposal of the modular approach and gradual switch form the Iroha 1 → Iroha 2

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- There is one issue in the community regarding the Iroha. Waiting for the response from the member.

## Action items

- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) check openly accessible Utimaco simulator and consider it as a default inteface

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
