1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-21 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 22, 2020

## Date

21 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Working on minor improvements and bugfixes. We have stable Iroha client and server network listeners.
- Finishing designing of validation logic. Will submit a couple PRs today.
- At the end of the week I will help Egor with p2p networking and continue with demo preparation.
- Started description of Iroha 2 introduction into the documents

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)  

- Concentrated on the 1.2 release finalization
- We need to decide about status of transaction, and I like the idea which was provided by Nikita

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Finished the PR merging for basic peer communication
- Fixed bug with huge amount of blocks creation
- Merged minor PR with forwarding pending transactions
- Will continue work on consensus-related communication
- We need to start development and we will see the estimations after that
- Makoto&gt; How do you see the current Query API?
  
  - I think it will be done similar to how it decided in our discussion in
- Makoto&gt; We should start working on documentation with Query API
  
  - Nikita&gt; Yes, sure. We need to have another discussion in Networking API. We have some issues with duplications now.
  - Makoto&gt; We can support GRPC, REST and other protocols in the future

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Made many presentations about Polkadot
- Also researched cross-chain protocols to think about DEX design
- We should work on some services, which have light client for different types of blockchains. I want to brainstorm that with Iurii and Andrei later.
- Then we will discuss the result with Makoto
- Watched the demo from Friday. Currently interface commands instead of transactions – it is an issue that I have saw.
- Most likely on next week I will go to vacation

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- Design of the DSL is still in progress, any advice will be helpful
- Figuring out how to provide liquidity for assets on Polkaswap project

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Continue discussion of demo presentation structure with [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
