1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-14 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on May 14, 2020

## Date

14 May 2020

## Attendees

- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Regarding the demo:
- Will make a pause in ISI and check the demo scenario.
- In case of issues with demo, we will move it to Monday.
- Ales requested participatin in Demo, but he is busy on Friday; hence we will move demo to Monday
- In between I will finalize new ISI commands.
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; We should think about the better involvement into the HL community. We need to start the communication with HL and community. Start with the community meeting to discuss the idea and the philosophy.
- We had a meeting with Iurii about the ISI. We are deciding what to do with assets, I am providing draft solution now.

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Looking on catch up with the development status.
- Watched the demo, and I have some questions regarding the topics discussed. We have some solutions in Polkadot, where we are using seed instead of keys. This also provides interoperability with Ursa and different crypto algorithms.
- Regarding community: Hyperledger members already noticed that we are using Rust.
- We should advertise our solution as much as possible.
- Are we ready Rust coding style? 
  
  - [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) &gt; Yes, we have it in the repository. It is not so detailed, but we can use it as a base.

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- There are not so much to report, as on this week I have exams.

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- There are some questions with explanation tool or format, which will fit our needs in documentation and ideas description. How it is better to do the ideas proposal?
  
  - [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) &gt; We can use Rust documentation or create the Confluence page about the structure which you expect.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Start planning of community involvement (kick-off, regular meetings)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
