1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-14 Iroha 2 status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Apr 14, 2020

## Date

14 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Finished with network implementation, the next step is to integrate it into Torii.
- Working on P2P module for Iroha 2 currently
- Will have some questions to Nikita and Makoto

 [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Made some pages for RFC and architecture decisions in HL Confluence
- Made some PRs for queries and transaction validation
- Added usage of make file with temporary directories
- Will adapt networking to Torii.
- Then it will be easier to perform the refactoring, because of easier data flow
- We had effective conversation in the chat, I will put further decisions into the Confluence

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Currently the pipeline of transaction is not obviously clear for me
- Makoto&gt; Also, do not forget about gossiping the transaction between peers
- Nikita&gt; I will try to make the code look like document in the aim to faster understanding
- Some people will be interested in the architecture of the solution, not the code
- Nikita&gt; Currently we are in the early stage, and things are changing quickly, hence it will be time consuming to keep architecture documentation updated
- Nikita&gt; We need to have requirements described for better pace of system development

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Kagome is highest priority, I am concentrating on it
- Eventually we need to switch to iterational approach

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We need to apply experience from Polkadot project, too
- Spent a lot of time on DSL for Iroha 2, providing changes to the whitepaper
- Changes based on the Nikita's review. We are going to use more primitives in the aim for better flexibility of commands.
- Currently I am writing the explanation for primitives; it is not ready to mass-review yet.
- We need the DSL design to progress with development
- Architecture decisions may probably also put into the whitepaper, so it will become the ground truth
- I also trying to proof safety and liveness for Sumeragi
- Main concern now: are primitives makes sense? We need to get a feedback on it.
- All updates are going to iroha2-wp branch

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Organize knowledge sharing between C++ team and Rust team after releasing Iroha 1.2

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
