1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-17 Iroha status meeting notes

Created by Andrei Lebedev on Apr 17, 2020

## Date

17 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Worked on the Burrow wrappers on C++. The initial idea was to dispatch requests from Burrow directly to DB. Then faced the problem with tests and started using another approach with one more layer. Today will work on it, after that Eugene can start working on finalization of Burrow integration and testing.
- Finished Gossip MVP
  
  Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
- Performed review for multihash task, there is some issues, currently Mikhail is in scope.

 [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Done what is possible with Burrow integration, currently working on documentation. No questions on documentation at the moment.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- No major updates regarding internships. Community Bridge is open, mentors have to be registered there.
- Finishing the Multihash pull request.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Did not find the previously used docker image to test phantom MST, need to get the information about testing from Ruslan and Bogdan in order to send the correct load with transactions. Planning to use Netshaper to randomize the sending times. Started adding required logging into the code to track the issue.
- Can ask Ruslan and Bogdan to set up the environment to reproduce the bug on Monday.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Mailing list - need help with TSC report for Hyperledger. Should be done in the next days so that it can be reviewed until 23rd. Report is more general than release notes.
- Need someone on TSC meeting as well to support with technical questions.
- Will continue with Iroha tasks soon.
- Need to fix the project for SNE regarding GOST cryptography.

[Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

- Waiting for docker image with multihash.
- Java libraries for crypto and multihash works, currently working on iroha-java library.
- Small fix required for python library, and it has to be tested with Iroha.
- We can discuss adding new commands to library next week.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
