1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-23 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 06, 2020

## Date

23 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- Stefan Popov

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Discussed SNE project (GOST crypto) with Sofiane. It should be Iroha benchmarks with attached GOST cryptography.
- Discussed maintenance endpoint with Sofiane, currently, it looks good to DevOps team
- Reviewing PR with multi hash implementation. There are many refactoring in code, which is not related to the multi hash. It can be skipped if we need to fit into the schedule. 
  
  - Mikhail&gt; There are not so many details in the PR related to refactoring. Hence, it can be done manually. The reason for that changes was introduced partially because of the integration of the Utimaco HSM in the nearest future.
- Will try to take a look on the particular commits in the PR
- Also, need to finish Burrow-related changes (~16 hours without tests). Then there will need to review from all team members.
- In production we are not using WSV reuse, hence we can release without it.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Decided to avoid logger changes because of much technical debt in the implementation
- Currently fixing a small issue with compilation
- Andrey&gt; For Burrow we need to rebase initial commits by Ivan at the beginning of the history.
- Will have a call with [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) to discuss details of Burrow integration

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) (and [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)) will visit the TSC meeting at 5 pm MSK
- Finalizing release notes, added details about components
- Checked SNE internship description
- Waiting updates on Burrow from [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Finished MST fix for phantom transactions
- Started reviewing the assert-related issue
- Will do the PR for MST after [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) merge his PR related to MST

[Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Finished Burrow documentation, it is ready to review. API reference has some empty places, but it is a common thing. Also, we will need to add a caveat about permissions.
- Working on CMake task for Burrow build

Stefan Popov

- Participated in the onboarding for the JS library, will start working on it

## Action items

- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) Participate in TSC meeting with [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
