1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-31 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Aug 31, 2020

## Date

31 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Worked on the issue with synchronization (on the longevity stand), no updates for now.
  
  - There is a possible solution, which can help. But it will require some additional work. Estimation: about 8 hours
- Linux ONE: there are some issues with the installation of the environment. Need to get updates from Bulat.
- We need to decide what to do with the reconnection to the DB. Mikhail's PR needs some discussion.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)  

- No significant update
- Will have a call with Andrey to solve the questions about the PR for the DB issue
- Created proposal about the HSM cryptomodules integration.

Stephan Lavrentev

- No updates on 1.2.0, as there are no new issues fixed.
- GRPC solution looks okay, the current environment "fix" sounds good
- There is an issue on the asset creation: overflow happens

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Working on the internationalization issues
- There is an RFC template added in the Confluence
- Will need to collect all the release notes.
  
  - And make some cleaning in currently collected data

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
