1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-23 Iroha 2 status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 06, 2020

## Date

23 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Found the root cause of bug in networking, related to the lost of some bytes. Now it is fixed.
- Made PR with signatures validation mechanism. There is a validation for incoming transactions. Also I am working on stateful validation by copying WSV and try to apply transaction on that copy.
- Then I will join [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence) and help him on finishing p2p networking and Sumeragi implementation.

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Totally occupied by the 1.2 release finalization

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Working on Sumeragi implementation, draft PR is posted.
- Will continue work on Sumeragi further.
- We will need to make Torii as a single point for all networking communication
- After confirmation for RFC we can switch to implementation
- Makoto&gt; For Sumeragi it is make sense to implement the basic flow without error handling
  
  - On the first PR I will do only basic scenario, and then continue with improvements according to the special situations
- Makoto&gt; Test framework may help us a lot in describing and checking the special situations
  
  - Kamil&gt; You can take a look on the Grandpa consensus implementation to make the consensus more testable.
  - I will look on it and try to follow that level of abstraction

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Keeping an eye on the chat and PRs
- Do not have time for exchange protocols research, will continue it later
- Makoto&gt; About Interchain: I talked about some people in Polkadot community, and there is a new approach proposal provided for the exchange behavior.
- Makoto&gt; I think way is that we have used in D3. We should do more research here

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- Continue working on DSL design. I have created the Python file with experiments. Next week I will be able to show something.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Share the presentation about academic research team to the Iroha 2 team

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
