1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-10-29 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Oct 29, 2020

## Date

29 Oct 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev

## Discussion items

WhoNotesStepan Lavrentev

- There are two small problems now
  
  - WSV desync with the blockstore; probably after the node reboot. There is an idea of how to fix it on the development side.
  - There is a problem with the use of environment variables for configuration. [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) is helping with that.
- Currently, I will try to reconfigure compose and try to start Iroha as is

 [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Stepan will provide additional data on the issue with usage of environment variables
  
  - Stepan: Iroha Postgres host set among all configs equally. But with env vars that approach does not work.
  - Currently, it seems like an issue in the environment. I will take a look.
- The benchmark of Iroha operations is ready to present first results, now it covers "CreateRole" command.
  
  - RocksDB implementation is faster than Postgres 150x times.
  - I will proceed with further implementation of benchmark and RocksDB integration.
  - The transition from Postgres to RocksDB will be quite smooth, according to the results of research
  - I have an idea about transition implementation for all commands
- The proposed solution for the WSV desync may help, but in general, there may be better ideas.
  
  - The failure of the peer happens during the process of applying blocks. However, because there were no logs, we should not say exactly.
  - Improvement of logging levels and better quality of the log handling will help us to investigate that problem and also do that in the future.
  - Stepan: the load for this issue to happen is following – intensive processing of MST transactions
  - We can keep the issue as "known" one for the 1.2.0 release, as it happens under heavy load and can be fixed by restarting with WSV recreation.
  - Stepan: I have tried to run the longevity stand without MST and there were no problems during the whole week of load testing.
  - There are some known issues in MST, which we need to fix. For example, not having an upper limit for MST storage.
- Regarding Shepherd PR – the LinuxONE server cannot build the solution. Hence CI is not working correctly and we need to fix it on the LinuxONE.
  
  - I have contacted admins of our LinuxONE server, they said that server will soon go back to the online state.
  - Waiting for the Linux ONE to be configured.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
