1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-30 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Apr 30, 2020

## Date

30 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- We need to start using CI and we need the support of the DevOps team there. GitHub Actions are not convenient.
- Working on CLI – we have a working command-line interface, PR is waiting for the review.
- Working on the Docker Compose environment, as now there is no convenient way to start a local environment.
- It will be nice if somebody will review the CLI PR.
- These changes will help us to move faster with testing and onboarding. Docker Compose can help here a lot, and CLI provides a more convenient possibility to interact with the Iroha.

 [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Working on the Sumeragi integration, merged one PR to develop. Now I am trying to do the basic scenario working, which includes adding assets and propagating it between several nodes.
- Fixed tests which will check Sumeragi functionality.
- I will fix comments from Nikita and continues with testing.
- Makoto&gt; Do we do validation of signatures?
  
  - Yes, we have the validation, written by Nikita.
  - Nikita&gt; We need to improve stateful validation, as now it is not using all available WSV data.

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- There are some good ideas regarding the ISI, will continue with them and in a few days, we will discuss it together.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
