1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-14 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Aug 14, 2020

## Date

14 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There is a possible issue with the testing script for GRPC exhaustion problem. Probably we need to improve the environment settings to check correctly.
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) : Stepan provided information about his environment and approach.
  - Checked the code again, looks like that everything is correct
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) : Failure was caused in Ordering service, and it looks like that implementation of fix is correct
  - We need to repeat the problem and get a stack trace
  - Going to work on that issue today
- Will help interns to unlock job of interns
- Then will switch to the synchronization issue

 [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Created a special repository for localization of documentation with [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence)
  
  - Original will stay in the current repository, localization will be added as a submodule
  - HL found that approach most appropriate to the community, so we can follow it, too
- Going to check the docs of 2.x to become familiar and fill gaps in knowledge
- Ordered documents in the Wiki documents list

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Will take care of the GRPC problem
- Tried to implement the WSV on RocksDB, we need to ping intern towards that direction.
  
  - [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) : Probably better to show by example, so there be less to think about
- Today we will have a call about Modular data model
- Will work on the Iroha build for the Linux ONE

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
