1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-04 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified by Egor Ivkov on Aug 04, 2020

## Date

04 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Ales Zivkovic](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b3a36d1d38a522e77ff78c0?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Interview with the candidate on Rust senior position
- Performed the discussion of RFCs last week
  
  - [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) That discussion was very good
- There is a request to comments about the maintenance endpoint
- Performed reviews on the PRs from Egor
- Implementation of Transactions Rollback
- Ales: What is the status of the proposal of reuse of parts of Iroha 1 parts in Iroha 2
  
  - No, there is no such proposal yet
  - Ales: Probably, Mikhail can help us to sync
  - Mikhail: we are researching the Iroha 2 architecture to finish the document

 [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Working on RTD theme configuration, faced issues with the improved representation
- Uploading videos about the Iroha2 from the community meeting with Iroha 2 demo's
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) there are some missed meetings in my calendar
- HL had that meeting on Google Calendar but now they are moved to another tool
  
  - Vadim: I will invite you again on the Community meeting

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Merged the support for Secp256k1 algorithm
- Merged the PR with an update of iroha key generation and node setup README section
- Continuing the implementation of signatures with different variants
- Contributed to Ursa to add a needed signature scheme
- Started working on queried signatures, will send the PR after the meeting
- Discussed the BDD on QA meeting
- Will finish the support of BLS signatures Ursa improvement in the Iroha
- Will review the block sync RFC

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There are some bugs in Iroha 1 to solve before the 1.2.0 release.
- We have an implementation of Proxy to Sawtooth consensus approaches.
- Reviewing the Iroha 2 architecture, it requires more time to dive in.

## Action items

- We can prepare a list of tasks or ideas for a contribution so we can more actively involve the external developers (by [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence))

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
