1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-20 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 22, 2020

## Date

20 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- We will have a call with Dave about Iroha audit for 1.2. We will need to prepare an understanding of main changes and critical parts.
- There is an issue with the engine call documentation.
- There are not so many guides for Iroha libraries, hence we need to improve it

 [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Finished review PR with Burrow storage, waiting for the changes from Mikhail
- Received request for reuse WSV during the startup on the production
- Opened the PR with Burrow build enabled into the CI, and rebased it into the master

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There is some mess with the Burrow storage PR, as I have already done the requested changes. Will fix it quickly.
- Checked the multi-signature pull request
- Investigated issues with the node sync with huge block storage
- For the internship, we have a very nice selection of students
- Will have a discussion with Andrey about the flag for reuse WSV

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Fixed one bug in PR with a phantom transaction for MST; all tests succeed now
- Proceeding with a review of maintenance endpoint and documentation
- There are some questions for the documentation

[Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Chasing the bug with GetEngineReceipt query.
- Now I can reproduce the error using tests in few simple steps. Need to talk with other team members about the solution.
- Mikhail updated some Go code in Burrow wrapper, I will review it
- Continuing review of documentation for the Burrow.
- Will create a dedicated issue to the task in Jira

Eslam Farid

- New community member, based in Malaysia.
- Interested in the HL projects, including Fabric. But case in Cambodia caught the attention to Iroha.
- There is a high demand for the details about the Cambodian project, as many people in Southeast Asia interested in Bakong case.
- It will be nice to have more traning and mentoring for the Iroha, as many companies are not ready to invest time in reading documentation, which is continuously changing
- There are many embedded systems which can use Iroha, and C++ is a real advantage here

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- The idea with the documentation improvement is very nice, we can follow the approach with four different types of documents to be created and exposed: [https://documentation.divio.com](https://documentation.divio.com)
- We are also using Confluence for the discussion of Iroha v.2
- We are moving to Rust because it is a mature language and have many advantages in comparison with C++:
  
  - Convenient compiler
  - High performance, which can be reached more easily
  - More error-prone and easier to have proof of being error-free
- Iroha 2 will be a complete rewrite of the project. In few weeks we will have a presentation and demo of the new version along with the architectural structure description.
- There are many new technologies arise during last few years, hence we want to follow the domain and build new powerful solution
- It will be nice to have such meetings each week, so we can involve community members more

## Action items

- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence) meet with [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence) to discuss the bug with GetEngineReceipt query
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) meet with [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) to discuss changes in the `--reuse-wsv` flag implementation

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
