1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-19 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 19, 2020

## Date

19 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- Stepan LAvrentev

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Updated documentation about Burrow-related dependencies 
  
  - Stepan: Will check it
- Need to talk with Andrey about crypto providers, as soon as he will have time for it
- We need to also discuss and describe the specifics of Iroha container configuration for reusing keys.
  
  - We need to check best-practices about k8s-related approach; DevOps team can help us with understanding

 Stepan Lavrentev

- Created PR in Python lib with the TLS upgrade – now clients can explicitly set up the keys
- Finished testing TLS in Iroha
- Longevity now is working with a regular kill of Iroha node.
  
  - Also, we will need to check the update from Andrey with the update of the synchronization
- Checked the issue with the logger level configuration – it actually exists, I will localize it and create a task.

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) (offline)

- Updated the possible issue in the synchronization flow, waiting for the response from Stepan about the result of checking
- Going to proceed with the RocksDB performance analysis and integration
  
  - We can collaborate with Stepan and run testing on the longevity stand to collect the required amount of transactions in the blockstore and data in WSV.
- Need to discuss updates in the documents with Sara
- Need to have PR review from some of our developers
  
  - [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) : [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence) will take care from now on, as he is going to rejoin the team in the near future

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
