1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-17 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Nov 17, 2020

## Date

17 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev
- Sara Garifullina

## Discussion items

WhoNotesStepan Lavrentev

- Restarted the longevity stand, now waiting for the results
  
  - I have removed the broken block; after a restart, Iroha reported that WSV is ahead from the blockstore.
  - Fixed by manual copying needed blocks from other block stores. We can automate such fix in the logic of Iroha restoration procedure.
  - Such an issue is happening during the hard reset of the Iroha node. Enabled MST is adding more possibility to get that issue.
- Regarding TLS: we need to add an example to the library about the usage of the TLS connection.
- Now continuing with TLS and testing env vars
  
  - Will finish with it today and make a PR with TLS example.
- Later, will perform regression for all basic operations.

Sara Garifullina

- Fixed issue with the env vars PR.
- Added PR with Burrow dependencies.
  
  - Stepan: Will check the PR, there probably some hidden dependencies.
- Nikita wants to participate in Iroha 2, hence we will leave him in the list of maintainers now.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
