1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-06-02 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Jun 02, 2020

## Date

02 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Made a first part of the implementation of the permission, based on the Iroha Special Instructions. There are many things to improve still.
- Continuing meetings with the internal team regarding the Iroha 2 design and their involvement
- Working on the configuration of Docker Compose in the aim to increase the convenience of Iroha 2 startup and usage.
- Now I am working on making the Sumeragi algorithm more verbose
- Planning to finish environment-related tasks today and we can have a demo on Thursday.
- It will be okay for the community to join the demo session
- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)  yes, sure, we can share a link and timing once we will have the decision about the time

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)  

- Working on the faulty leader case for Sumeragi. Working on the different subcases now
- Also looking into the issue with Sumeragi on Docker compose
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) &gt; I will update the PR after the meeting to make it up to date
- We can also think about the additional logging for better debug of Sumeragi

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- I am analyzing the current status of the Sumeragi, and there are some possible improvements from my point of view
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; Validators for Sumeragi should be randomly chosen and we will have a policy for taking them away

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We need to plan to create a test network for Sora based on the Iroha 2
- Also, we need to consider some web interface for making transactions for the Iroha 2 network
- Hence, we need to concentrate on the client libraries and put somebody on it (we can use HL Indy). JS is a good first candidate.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)  define the date and time of the next demo meeting and make it public to the HL community

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
