1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-06 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Aug 07, 2020

## Date

06 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Merged the signed query PR
- Merged delivery artefacts for Iroha subprojects (crypto-CLI and docker images)
- Worked on fixing errors with missing permissions
  
  - Related to benchmarks or block validations
  - Touched benchmark tests – now they are working with correct permissions
- Started working on the Trapoline (code coverage) fix, now it has strange segfaults. Working on it now
- Updated the block sync RFC
- Had an interview with a new candidate to the team

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- Did review for block sync RFC, added more questions.

[Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

- Collaborated with QA team towards the process of QA activities

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Working on RFC updates, some moved to the archive, some improved.
- Made review of some PRs
- Discussed the QA involvement
- Performed the review and provided feedback, waiting for the decision
- Planning to continue with Iroha DSL prototype and DLC

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Trying to squash commits for PR
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) is going to help me here
- Made release notes for Iroha 1.2.0

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
