1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-12-03 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Dec 03, 2020

## Date

03 Dec 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Researching of results for the benchmarking of Iroha which will run on more than 30 peers. There is a previous test, which I will need to use as a baseline.
- The next step for me – to restart the network with the same configuration on the 1.2.0 release and see the results. I am planning to finalize that during this week. As a result, we will see – was these problems fixed or not.
- There is an existing flaw in consensus, which adds latency to the transaction processing. However, there are no obvious solutions now.
  
  - [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) : Currently, the problem with peers stability in case of RAM limitations are more important.
  - However, we can mitigate the consensus problem by the finalization of the project from the summer internship.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Have sent the invitations and information about the 1.2.0 release.
  
  - [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) : I will prepare the slides and Andrey will be ready for answering deeper technical questions.
- We need a description of the contribution of our intern.
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) : We need to describe a particular code part, which was made by the intern.

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Optimistically, Alexander Lednev will start making a contribution from the next week.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
