1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-22 Status meeting notes

Created by Andrei Lebedev, last modified by Vadim Reutskiy on May 06, 2020

## Date

22 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Discussed TODOs in Burrow with Eugene, decided to reduce the scope for the initial release

 [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Listed issues with Burrow on the meeting with Andrei.
- Edited docs to reflect the final API, added examples. Will finish the documentation today or tomorrow latest.
- Can start working with CMake.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Checked fixes from 1.1.1, opened one PR, in the review.
- Working on non-static crypto verifier, so that an external verifier can be used.
- Remark from Vadim - HSM can be postponed, it is better to work on tasks with higher priority.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Found the issue with phantom MST, decided on a fix - "hope this works". Need code for finalized transactions observables from Andrei in master branch.
- Need to check the assert task, it may be a false positive.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Will finalize release notes (and changelog) today. Waiting for Burrow decisions.
- TSC is checking the report. TSC meeting will be tomorrow.

[Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

- Found Bogdan's lib for SHA3 crypto. Tried to use with SHA2, but key length is different - issue with multi hash. Key length is 88, which does not correspond to any standards.
- Suggestion from Vadim - ask Bogdan Mingela or Alexey Chernyshov, or debug with Mikhail or Andrei after the release.
- Need Docker image to test Python library.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
