1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-05 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Aug 05, 2020

## Date

05 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Started working on the racing with ledger states. Now it is far from the finalization, need to proceed.
  
  - There can be more problems in the pipeline with the ledger state.
  - We need to implement the ledger state provider.
- Connection pool for GRPC can be detached from the P2P pull request.
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) &gt; I can take care of synchronization while you are working on the connection pool detach.
- Need to help the Modular DM intern with merging changes. Also, added the streaming query in python-adapter.

 [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Discussed the MST fixes, there are past PRs and discussions that can be applied.
- GRPS is in progress, but there is no obvious decision now. Our security specialist, Denis, joined the discussion.
  
  - Today will proceed with help to Denis
  - He will start with the problem repeating on the local environment
  - Current ideas for GRPC was discussed, but not checked
  - The simplest solution - to add connection pool which was started in p2p TLS. In that case, the node would not go down except the situation when a new node added to the network. It may work in most of the cases.
- Consensus internship - going to have a meeting with Sawtooth developers in the aim to discuss the usage of its consensus.
- Today we will have a discussion regarding the LinuxONE with [Ry Jones](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:078cecfc-fb17-4d9a-8759-b5b74efa6850?ref=confluence) – about getting machines and configuring CI
- Sent a message with the HL Internship results in case of not enough involvement

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Yesterday tried to solve the RTD on Iroha 2.
- Still need to do release notes, will proceed today.
- In 3 weeks we will have speakers who do the exchange on Iroha

Stepan Lavrentev

- Generated classes for CompareAndSet command, finished testing it. All good.
- Going to create a database with the data from our projects in the aim to cover future potential migration regress.
- Need to decide about the migration process for our internal projects.
- Checked not merged PRs related to the DB connection problems. There were some issues, returned the task to TODO to fix.
- There was a new issue with Ursa on Mac.
- Need to merge the Python library. [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)has rights to merge.
  
  - [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) probably we need another review before the merge.
  - We need to set up CI for the lib
- On longevity environment, there is an issue with transactions signing under the heavy load of MST messages.

## Action items

- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) and [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence): discuss the ledger state sync details after the status.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
