1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-01 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 01, 2020

## Date

01 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](2020-05-01-Status-meeting-notes_21016113.html)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Worked on the multi-hash review, most probably will finish today. Then, Mikhail can merge changes in master.
- We need to decide regarding SetSettingValue command. Finally, we need to add that command to the interface of the client library (we need to keep it in JS library [Stefan Popov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e1709d23e586d0dafec6375?ref=confluence) ). Then in future, we will add permission in next releases, which will allow it (after implementation of al corresponding logic). Another improvement – to control the variability of keys, in the aim to minimize possible errors.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Will finish review of multi hash today, too.
- Burrow – continuing task. There were some tough parts, but they were solved.
- Made rebase to the Burrow original branch, which produced conflicts. Seems like it works now.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There was a discussion regarding Burrow queries for more detailed technical design.
- Probably we will change indexes in the table for Burrow-related results and events.
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)  &gt; We have agreed that approach earlier with Eugeniy
- I fixed CMake workarounds, now it looks like much better
- Finished with permissions, but tests are in progress'
- Detached VmCall from the Command Executor. Now it can be attached as a dependency.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- No updates. Will finalize the docs after getting better.

## Action items

- Add tasks for improving SetSettingValue implementation (add permissions and make it work in runtime) for future updates

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
