1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-11 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 11, 2020

## Date

11 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Found the reason for the issue in the environment variables configuration.
  
  - Going to fix that problem today or tomorrow
- Regarding RocksDB integration – will create a small report about changes to present it to the company management
- Regarding TLS support in libraries – there is information about how to configure the node with enabled encryption.
  
  - We need to add information that we need to use the GRPC secure channel and correct port.
  - Also, we should add data about how to use the certificate and why it is important to the security level (without the certificate, there is a big risk, that connection will remain unsecured)

 [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Will have a meeting with Andrey today about the environment variables feature documentation

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
