1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-28 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Apr 28, 2020

## Date

28 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Made some PRs: sign block method for Sumeragi, web API incapsulation in Torii (almost finished), also working on adapter instruction.
- It is a good idea to replace hardcoded logic with special instruction, and addPeer is the example. It works now.
- I started to work on benchmarks, some of them are not working correctly after fixes.
- I spent some time fixing the code after the review by [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

 [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

- The C++ team is still finishing the 1.2 release.

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Today at 6 pm we will have a planning and estimation session.
- I will start the personal project at the University of IoT system. Smart contracts are needed for that project (Burrow and EVM) and signed queries. We might make some proof of concept using Iroha 1, but probably we can also use Iroha 2.

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Finished the initial implementation of Sumeragi, PR was merged.
- Made a lot of reviews for Nikita's PRs.
- Created RFC for different implementation of the sorting of peers, according to the recommendation of [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- Will continue with integrating Sumeragi into the main loop of Iroha.

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Finishing with Kagome demo, hence not so much time for Iroha.
- We can collect the list of "good first issues", which new contributors can take and solve at the beginning.

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- Working on the definition of ISI, and Nikita gave some significant comments. We need to engage the community in the discussion.
- We need to start weekly or biweekly meetings for the community to share information about our status.
- It will be nice to have a public playground or test network which everybody can try. Kusama idea can be reused for that reason.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) discuss weekly community meetings, initial Iroha 2 presentation and "good first issues" list with [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- Think about public playground or test network for the Iroha 2

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
