1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-10-28 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Oct 28, 2020

## Date

28 Oct 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Fixed the issue in Mikhail's PR with the environment variables used for the configuration
  
  - There is still a need to cover configuration of Ursa-related features by tests
- Currently waiting for CI to build PR with Shepherd
- After that, we will put a 1.2.0rc3 tag
- Discussed the env vars with Sara, she will create the documentation about it
  
  - Currently, there are some non-trivial specifics in the environment variables, including representation of the list, macro, etc.
- WIll proceed with the update of the YaC description today
- Then will return back to the RocksDB integration.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- WIll prepare documentation on the env vars at the beginning of the next week

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
