1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-25 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on May 26, 2020

## Date

25 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Discussed the situation with Burrow integration review and fixes (with the whole team)
  
  - There is an estimation that is Andrey will be fully on review, the review will be ready until Wednesday.
- There is a risk that we will get some additional hidden issues
- Alexander proposed to continue writing tests in the aim to cover as much functionality of Burrow as possible.
- There is a problem with MST was reported by Mikhail; Issue is in PR related to the unlimited voting on synchronization

 [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Reviewed old PR with the consensus problem
- Refactored tests for Burrow query, as existing cases were too complex
- There is one test, which is always "blinking", hence we need to fix it in future (and mark as technical debt)
- The issue on the longevity stand was fixed (optimal solution found) and added it to 1.1. We need to port it to the master branch after review.
- Have a preliminary talk with Sara about the multi-hash, will continue today

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- On Friday fixed the query again.
- Started reviewing code for Go part of Burrow integration.
- On Wednesday, I will finish with reviewing requests which I have now.
- Also, will join writing tests for the Burrow query

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Read materials about the multi-hash, will continue with documentation writing and discussion with Mikhail
- There are new candidates on SNE projects

[Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Checked the PR with Burrow storage, everything looks okay.
- Started reviewing the big Burrow PR. Started refactoring, and faced the failed test. Will fix it soon.
- Will continue reviewing the big PR.
- I will need one full day to finish with Burrow review. On Wednesday, it will be ready.
- Reviewed refactoring of the tests framework for Burrow query.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
