1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-06 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 06, 2020

## Date

06 May 2020

## Attendees

- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Fixing documentation for Burrow. Will add solidity modules for "Read the docs" platform
- Joseph is a good guy, I will try to help with supporting him

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Fixing multi-hash PR according to comments. Almost ready to be reviewed again.
- Added command for CallEngine as distinct PR
- Can take some tasks from Burrow integration
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence) &gt; I need support on the binary interface for Burrow.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) has MST-related PR to review after I finish planned changes
- Working on finishing query. Today uploaded C++ to review and SQL part.
- Will create tests for query permissions
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) &gt; there is also a code, which can be used for adding logs to the storage. Hence, we can also automate testing of query call
- Will have a call with Mikhail to discuss tests - at first.
- MST fixes will be tomorrow

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- No updates for today.
- Checked multi-hash update from Mikhail. There was no answer on the second comment.
  
  - [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) &gt; I am suggesting another approach, hence we can keep the PR as-is for now.
  - I agree with the arguments, hence we can keep types as-is in the current PR state
  - In modern CMake, we should not do the dependencies globally.
- Will be available for review unpredictable, as now on the study.

[Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Fixed Go-part of the VmCall operation.
- Tests are successful, but they are not covering all functionality.
- Performing manual tests. There are some issues in the Burrow→Storage interface with GetAccountAssets query.
- Also, need a fix in the log saving method.

[Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

- We need to concentrate on the features to finish the release
- There is one person, [Joseph Nicholas Alcantara](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:394fdb18-e237-472e-89e1-fafc6fccdfe2?ref=confluence), who wants to be full-time contributor to Iroha. We will keep him updated and try to integrate into the development process.

## Action items

- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence) organize telegram chat for the contributors and try to join it with Rocket Chat.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
