1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-24 Status meeting notes

Created by Andrei Lebedev, last modified by Vadim Reutskiy on May 22, 2020

## Date

24 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Passed Burrow-related tasks to Mikhail, they are ready by now. Still need to change some small part. Then we need a review branch to merge only needed parts. Estimate - to finish all changes today, and then do the review on Monday.
- Review of multi hash is in progress. 1/3 finished, will publish the current result for Mikhail to start fixes. Will finish today.
- Helped with SNE project description with Sara.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Video - accepted by Ales, waiting to publish it. Should wait until release on YouTube.
- Finished storage implementation for Burrow. IR-706 Will finish with additional Burrow tasks.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Published release notes/changelog, please check in Github drafts. Waiting for unmerged PRs to finalize.
- Working on Burrow documentation, thanks Eugene. Will finish until Monday.
- TSC meeting is OK.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Fixed buffer assertion, will open PR for phantom MST fix.
- Reviewing maintenance endpoint

[Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Working on Burrow CMake build, polished documentation. Should separate restrictions of initial Burrow release.
- Need to meet with Andrei and Mikhail to refine these restrictions.

## Action items

- Docker Release image with Multihash for Kamill
- Burrow synchronization

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
