1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-11 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Aug 11, 2020

## Date

11 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Preparation to the DSL RFC discussion
  
  - Prepared PR with the client logic
- Reviewed currently active PRs
- Supported the RFC which are on attention now
- Going to proceed with RFC updating and produce issues
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence) Do we have longevity stand
  
  - Yes, the stand is working, we need to start automated tests

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Fixed the coverage issue, configured the coverage reporting
- Now we have the badge on the GitHub for coverage, currently, it is not configured correctly.
- Added asserts for the Torii benchmarks. Disabled logging which improves the results
- Reviewed DSL and related entities in the data model
- Started working on the Genesis Block logic, but faced that we cannot use it now. Created RFC for discussion
- Create a PR with the improvement of initial domains and root users
  
  - Added explicit key
  - Added explicit domain initialization
  - Working on comments on that PR
- Prepared containers for the testing (with CLI client)
- Will start working on the issue with signature checking
- Will start implementing features related to Polkaswap
- Looking towards to decision with HTTP API

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Reviewed RFC about DSL; also permissions and events were reviewed.
- Started reviewing of documentation and preparation for making needed architectural diagrams

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Today will start working on the Iroha 2 HSM integration
- Reviewed the RFC about DSL implementation
- Reviewed the ledger state issue in 1.2.x

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)  

- Will work on reviewing RFC: DSL and HTTP client layer

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Will take care of the structure of documentation in Wiki
- Will organize the Community meeting

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
