1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-09-03 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Sep 21, 2020

## Date

03 Sep 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

- Nikita and Egor temporarily moves to help of implementation of internal project
- We collected requirements from Sora 2 project

 [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- No significant updates

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Published the draft of the review of extensible serialization
- Need to proceed with further analysis and describe details of approaches
- The approach of use cases is questionable, but we can make a draft of all use cases and the divide them according to the particular project's

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Worked on the understanding of the code
- We need to discuss the modular crypto DSL
- Working on the 1.2.0 release, the database connection issue. Found the quick and dirty solution.

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Conducted the DSL demo session
- Implemented RFC for maintenance and configuration
- Created the issue to implement the configuration during the runtime → new RFC which is ready to be reviewed
- Made an RFC about naming

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Working on the migration of the Torii API and client crate to the HTTP protocol.
  
  - Today worked on the improvements on PR.
  - WebSocket is not ready, will be implemented later, after returning from the internal project.
- Reviewed PRs of Nikita
- If we decide on naming, we should publish ASAP

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Working on the documentation, improving by instructions from readme's
- Discussed the details with Stephan
- Member Summit question is still under consideration, as there are not so much concreteness

Stephan Lavrentev

- Performing additional tests of existing issues on the Longevity test
- Doing exploratory testing
- Added PR to add some instructions to CLI
- There are some questions about the transfers – we need to add details to it

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We need to have the possibility to add the payload to a transaction and to assets definitions (additional UCs)
  
  - Size should be configurable
- We should add UCs for the supply chain and related RFC

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence): add UCs for attaching payload to instructions and UCs from the supply chain application

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
