1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-26 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 26, 2020

## Date

26 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Created PR for merging support 1.2.x branch to master. Fixed all collisions.
  
  - Waiting now for CI, but there are currently issues with Python dependencies in Linux and Windows.  Caused by the project of the intern with the data model.
  - Currently working on research of problem source. Looks like that scripts have some missing parts
- Working on the documentation for the logger configuration.

 Stepan Lavrentev

- Checked possible issue with storing of blockstore into the DB
  
  - Could not find the reason and circumstances for a repeat, but looks like that it was caused by another issue with env vars.
- Found lack of documentation for the RemovePeer – there is no information that the last node cannot be deleted.
- Tried to build Iroha on Big Sur vis updated vcpkg – everything succeeds.
- If there are too many simultaneous transactions (for example, 500 per minute) – Iroha stops creating new rounds of consensus.
- Found the issue – if restarting through Docker Compose with the usage of 2 nodes, without reusing WSV, one node starts rereading blockstore from the start after the end.
- There is a "new" client application for Iroha – TUI (Text User Interface) client.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
