1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-06-11 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified by Egor Ivkov on Jun 11, 2020

## Date

11 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- There are new PRs with permissions and event listeners
- Updated Iroha contribution and presentations, e.g. README files
- Prepared the README data for the CI
- Currently helping the internal team in terms of the design of the Iroha solution
- There are some issues with the request from another team regarding the client for the Iroha. We need to refine their documentation.
- I will proceed with the guide about building additional modules for Iroha
- Today we proceed with the CI discussion together with the DevOps team
- Proposed the documentation spellcheck automation RFC
- Blocker: external requirements to the bridge implementation. When it will be ready, I can proceed with the improvements in the permissions

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Merged the PRs with the Sumeragi refactoring
  
  - Moved network topology to the separate structure
  - Introduced module for messages
- Continuing with the block creation timeout, which is the Sumeragi border case
- Will proceed with TODOs in the Sumeragi implementation
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; In Iroha 1 there were many problems with the node sync. Currently, we are running the longevity stand, and we can start to create the one for Iroha 2.
- Block sync is in our plans, I will take care of it as next big task

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- I finished the review of RFC about transaction tags and order.
- Will be nice to get feedback from [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) about it

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- I am uploading video from Demo to Youtube.
- I will proceed with the announcements about it
- I will proceed with the documentation review
- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) &gt; We need to have a meeting with Nikita in the aim to discuss the documentation structure and place
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) &gt; We already have a discussion and decided to use docs.rs for the reference and Book MD as user-oriented documentation.

## Action items

- Make a decision about the documentation approach.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
