1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-27 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified by Egor Ivkov on Aug 27, 2020

## Date

27 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Prepared company meeting and participation of the company, who used Iroha
- Andrey requested template for RFC in confluence, will try to do that
- Also checked the issue with links in the confluence
- Checked the internationalization issue, Turkish contribution needs to have some fixes

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- We need to update the approach for internationalization set up to avoid workarounds
- Started RFC about modular crypto providers, the draft is ready. 
  
  - Need input from the projects, to define the requirements
- Supported interns on their presentation

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Created RFC for expandable serialization, collected references, which will be needed for the future backwards compatibility
  
  - Will publish the first version on the next week
- There are some issues with IBM Linux ONE, related to the OS

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Worked on Triggers RFC, checked comments
- Reviewed several PRs
- Discussed the QA process with Stepan
- Prepared Iroha DSL PR, need to fix issues after rebase

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Added some requirements about Merkle trees
- There is an open question about the client-level layer. I checked the existing solutions. 
  
  - Most of the nearest solutions use JSON-RPC
- Participated in the discussion of permissions and triggers, checked how it is solved in current blockchains and how we can adapt it
  
  - Seems like because of performance limitations

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- We need to add analysis of JSON-RPC layer into RFC
  
  - [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence) I will take it
- Added full-fledged PR with HTTP functionality
- Checked Ursa, because of the release of 0.3.5, was able to finalize and merge the Bls signatures PR.
- Participated in our discussions
- Now reviewing PR from Nikita
- Will proceed with updates in HTTP server
- Need to have a discussion about our plans for the HTTP: do we need to use chunks, SSL, TSL, etc.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Gather requirements about HSM usage

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
