1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-09-04 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Sep 04, 2020

## Date

04 Sep 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Synchronization issue: Stephan is collecting data about the situation
  
  - Mikhail is in the context of the solution
- There are some issues on Bakong dev stand related to signatures collection
  
  - Will take a look on Monday
- Updated Ubuntu on the CI environment because of issues with GRPC and Python
  
  - Fixed the problem, no new issues encountered
- Merged the fix with the asset precision problem
  
  - Approved by Stephan
- Merged the update related to storage fix which is related to connection to PostgreSQL
  
  - Need to have additional testing, related to Burrow
- Need to fix and merge the PR related to GRPC security issue → [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- No updates on Linux ONE
- Working on the personal project.

 [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Need to finalize the decision about a fix to GRPC-related PR
  
  - Will discuss with [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- Working now on the border cases and solution of the DB connection related issue
  
  - Found a more elegant way of fixing the problem - through failover callback
  - Will add the task for the technical debt

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Started working on the Test Network for Iroha 2
  
  - Probably we need to ask for resources from HL to run the test network
- Thinking about the member summit presentation
- Communicating about Turkish translation, solving the problem with versions

Stepan Lavrentev

- Testing the solution of synchronization
- Checked precision-related fix
  
  - There is an issue related to minting assets in case of the asset with high precision
- Iroha 2 CLI is not ready to be used for Test Net
  
  - Also, we need to create correct access scenarios
- Python lib was updated
  
  - Multi-hash is hardcoded for now, there is no lib used; technical debt

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
