1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-15 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on May 15, 2020

## Date

15 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Waiting for any questions from Igor about reviews
- Performed interviews with HL Internship candidates
- Reviewed and improved branch with Burrow. There is no need to disect that PR into smalller pieces because there will be many issues with rebase and alignment.
- There is no updates from Andrey about the PR

 [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Burrow: refactored Burrow integration and added tests for Go part. There are issue with tests for C-Go, because test framework do not covering them.
- Now I have started testing of the Burrow.
- There are some potential issue when we are putting smart contract data into Postgres.
- Will proceed with exploratory testing of Burrow smart contracts.
- We need to solve an issue with Go tests – they are not executing now automatically. [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) will take a look

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Participated in Consensus, there are some business-oriented participants.
- Presented project for SNE students of IU.
- Min said that probably she will be able to move some interns to the "new" project from our side.
- Contacted with one intensive community member who wanted to create guides in Iroha.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Merged ring-buffer fix into master
- Improved Burrow PR
- Interviewes potential interns
- Started fixing MST

## Action items

- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence) support adding detailed documentation on multi-hash into the Iroha knowledge base.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
