1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-07-16 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Jul 16, 2020

## Date

16 Jul 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Worked on the CD issues, now it looks like everything fixed.
- Improved configuration of the pipeline, soon we will have a first image of Docker image with Iroha on the Docker Hub.
- Consulted internal team about the integration with parachains
- Performed interview for the new team member
- Going to finish the CD fixes. GitHub actions are still quite confusing now, going to fix it.
- Continue working on the user guides
- Had a call with Egor regarding the streaming functionality, solved all current questions
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; Do we have a tool for defining the genesis block
  
  - No, there is no tool now, we have only a description of the JSON format.
  - We may consider to add it to the scope of future releases

 [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- 1\. Finished and merged Merkle tree root hash for transaction
- 2\. Started working on event connections - posted a draft PR
- 3\. Right now debugging the Stream for connection implementation, seems like there is some bug there, it might take some time
- 4\. Had several meetings yesterday including performance review, backlog refinement and Iroha community meeting.
- 5\. I plan to continue debugging event connections, hopefully, will finish today evening or tomorrow morning.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Tried to push RTD documentation, but there were some issues.
- Tried to fix it, but not succeed.
- Now I am trying to work with another dedicated project to find the reason and fix it.

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Not much now, trying to catch up with the updates

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- There is a lot of idea for requirements, but I am trying to not to overload the input for developers.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
