1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-07-07 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Jul 07, 2020

## Date

07 Jul 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Performed design discussion with Iurii and Vladislav
- Created a new chat with developers only
  
  - We will discuss here only conding-related stuff
  - [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence) &gt; Be sure, that all important decisions will be exposed from the private chat to the whole
- Updated all RFCs (refreshed old ones) and created section with requirements
- RFCs with made decisions was moved to the Architecture decision log
- Made updates on "from chat" RFCs, added TL;DR section
- Reviewed PRs
- On this week I am working on the maintenance subscription mechanism
  
  - Made several tests
  - Will complete on Wednesday (if there will be no significant interruptions)
- Discussion with stakeholders are very time-consuming, so we need to move such discussion to the RFCs and other articles
- Regarding hiring: it is better to hire not senior, but more middle level, so he/she would not struggle with the manual work which we are having here

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Working on the configuration changes in Iroha 1.x (making it possible to configure with env vars)
- Get the response from SecuroSys about the HSM integration
- Working with HL Internships participants

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Had discussion about the invalidated hash placement for consensus algorithm
- We need to decide how we will proceed with the block sync (Iroha 1 way or gossip-based way)
  
  - My point is described in comments, hence we need to proceed with the decision

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Finished block validation corrections, we merged it into the main branch
- Reviewed block sync RFC, proceeding with the design which was provided in the WP
  
  - I need to have clarification about the block sync from Makoto-san, as there are some issues which are not clear now
- Finished PR for block sync in batches, and storing of block invalidation
- Will proceed with transaction TTL
- I have a proposal to update the WP if there will be some decisions, which contradicts with the WP position

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- Please, DM me in case of urgent requests

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
