1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-10-20 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Oct 21, 2020

## Date

20 Oct 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Currently, we cannot merge with the env variable at the moment as we do not have tests there.
  
  - [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) : I need to have some time for the investigation of how to make tests faster
  - We have IrohaD tests which are running compiled library. They are checking flags and configuration. Hence, we can add more tests there and include the usage of environment variables.
  - [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) : we can start with the limited scope of testing with the list of assumptions.
- Regarding PR with the replacement of Boost dependency by std, it does not affect the build time.
  
  - However, there are some other headers which can significantly influence.
  - We will move it out of the scope of the release.
- Will merge the PR with verification of the initialization today.
- Then will proceed with the benchmark for the storage, which is required for measuring RocksDB efficiency in future.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Will continue working on tests for the environment variables

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Finalized the TSC report, it is published.
  
  - Will present the report on Thursday, if the TSC will have time.
- Community meeting: will we present something?
  
  - [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) : Let's stick to the community questions tomorrow. For the next meeting, we can schedule the presentation of the 1.2.0 release.
- "Diva exchange" connected me about the interview about the Iroha. I have proposed Andrey to invite to talk, too.
  
  - They want to talk about the idea and history of Iroha.
- There are some questions about the Ursa integration in the chat, Andrey please help us to answer.

## Action items

- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence): contact HL about the "Diva Exchange" request
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence) : try to implement the basic version of the tests for environment variables
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) : merge the current PR with validation during initialization

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
