1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-10-16 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Oct 19, 2020

## Date

16 Oct 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Yesterday checked the PR from the community with boost → std refactoring.
  
  - There is an issue related to the build time with the std. Boost provides the possibility to use forward-declarations.
  - Decided to research and compare the build first before the merging. Will use statistics flag in clang.
  - Will do it today. Then we can understand the reasoning and make the release candidate.
- Regarding the verification during the initialization, the community requested to cover the issue with tests.
  
  - We need to decide, on which level we need to have a test. Most probably, it will be done in regression tests.
  - Will try to write it today and include in the release.
- There is no support for TLS in Python and Java libraries, we need to implement it for our internal projects.
  
  - GRPC supports the protocol, so we need to expose the method to the client.
  - In Python, there is no method for setting up the TLS certificate
  - We also need to think about the TLS certificate distribution for clients

 [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- There are some issues with the bot for Hyperledger chats connection. There are some issues with sending messages from Gitter to Telegram.
  
  - We need to contact Nikita, author of the bot.
- Will prepare the report on Monday, so we can review and send it to the HL on Tuesday.

## Action items

- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence) Prepare report to the TSC on Monday (October 19)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
