1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-26 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 26, 2020

## Date

26 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Vadim Reutskiy](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)

- We are planning to release Iroha 1.2 in two weeks, hence the C++ team will join after it.

[2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)

- Reviewed RFC for Iroha 2 bridge model
- Created RFC for permissions and event listeners. It is blocker right now, as our internal project needs triggers. We need to decide on the aim to proceed with projects development
- Reviewed the PR form Egor
- On the current week, we would not have the demo, as we have a very small delta.
  
  - [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)  &gt; We should start making Demo public.
  - [Vadim Reutskiy](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html) &gt; Yes, we need to define a time
- We need to discuss permissions and I will start working on them
- After permissions, I will start making an event triggers. There is a request from Iurii. The team of our new internal project will start working with the project from the next week.
  
  - We are waiting for comments from [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html) , [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)  and [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)

 [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)

- Made a PR for the block structure change, we merged it (according to the discussion in chat)
- Have improved false-proxy issue in Sumeragi, improve block-timeout
- Currently working on the integration tests, making them green again
- I need to have further discussion in chat
- I will manage to look and review the permissions RFC
- [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html) &gt; What you think about creating an article about Sumeragi to the conference? The link is in Reading club. I can start with the draft, but we need test and simulation results.
  
  - [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html) &gt; Getting feedback is really important, especially the conference when people can understand the consensus
  - [2020-05-26 Status meeting notes](2020-05-26-Status-meeting-notes_21016234.html)  &gt; We need to create a document with detailed consensus description, and I have a person who can help us with scientific proof
  - Egor will try to help with the experimental data

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Reviewed documents of our internal project.
- Will provide a review of permissions and ISI. I made a brief review, and currently, it looks good. Will take a deeper look and send comments

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We need to unblock Nikita and review the permissions RFC.
- We need to run benchmarks for the network with enabled consensus. I will try to look in it and provide more data.
- I am trying to create an overall design, there are few unsolved problems on the high level

## Action items

- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence) [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence) : review the permissions and ISI RFC

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
