1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-12 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 12, 2020

## Date

12 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Met with Sara, discussed documentation over env vars.
- Currently, the functionality is working well, according to manual testing. There are not very large coverage of functionality with unit tests.
- We need to also add configuration of crypto-providers to the documentation.
- I have a suggestion, that logger configuration is not working well.
  
  - Stepan: probably, there is an issue with logger configuration related to patterns. Hence, we will need to check how it works.
- \+ We should add a task for improving test suite for Iroha configuration and add more tests in the future to cover env vars.
- Soon will update the report for RocksDB improvements
- Regarding performance testing
  
  - We need to find the results of the previous performance testing. Last time Linux foundation provided machines for us. Around the beginning of 2019
  - We need to create a list of metrics which we will need to collect.
- Today will continue work on the RocksDB report and implementation

 Stepan Lavrentev

- Currently, testing communication between peer and client.
  
  - Issue: key pair cannot be set up via env vars.
- I checked client libraries. Currently, TLS implemented in Python only, with some limitations. Need to update the library to support.
  
  - For tests, I have added it in a rough way. However, it can be done more carefully.
- Checked Ursa functionality, everything is okay. There were some issues with keys, will check it too.
- After that will switch to Burrow testing and env vars.
- On longevity stand 60h+ everything going well. Seems like an issue with restarts was fixed. We are running tests with enabled MST.
  
  - [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) &gt; Let's try to increase the load to make the possibility of failure increased.
- On the next week will prepare a proposal about my vision for the performance testing

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
