1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-06-22 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Jun 22, 2020

## Date

22 Jun 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html)

- Continuing work on the HSM integration
  
  - There are a few things left with Utimaco, probably will finalize the implementation today.
  - Then will proceed with tests
  - We need to get access to the simulator and configure CI to run autotests with it.
  - [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html) &gt; There should be an option for the Utimaco auto-testing
  - Will take care of the CI integration next.
  - Next step: Securesys integration
- There are no significant updates on the release testing
  
  - [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html) &gt; There is no need to build Iroha with Ursa on mac. Currently, Iroha + Ursa is available as a prepared Docker image.
  - Probably we need to work on the Ursa and Burrow improvement to the Ci process for Mac.
- HL internship is in progress, taking care of the data model tests project

 [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html)

- HL Internships is under control. 
  
  - For the data model detaching we will introduce one more generic command.
- Had a meeting with blockchain architects about updates streaming for Iroha 2
  
  - There is a thought that we can use Iroha 1 with the new data model for internal project
  - Will proceed with the technical vision of the Iroha 1 → Iroha 2 slow migration

## Voting for the number of reviewers

There is a proposal that we will need to switch to 1 reviewer per PR in the aim to keep the pace of the project.

New rules for merging PRs:

- `master`: 1 reviewer
- `develop`: 1 reviewer
- `iroha2*`: 2 reviewers

There were no objections to this proposal.

## Action items

- [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html) [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html) [2020-06-22 Meeting notes](2020-06-22-Meeting-notes_21016407.html) perform a meeting to move towards the technical vision of the gradual migration from Iroha 1 → Iroha 2

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
