1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-08-18 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Aug 18, 2020

## Date

18 Aug 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Working on WP update and refactoring
- Worked on the RFC updates and creation
- Performed several discussions of RFC
- Need to have a review for the Data Model RFC, as it is quite important and describes big chunk of work
  
  - We need to understand the priorities and importance
- Provided knowledge sharing sessions with Andrey and Mikhail
- Planning to continue RFC discussion
- Planning to finish the PR with DSL implementation

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- There are no updates as I was involved in the Iroha 1.x fixes and internships
  
  - We need to make a presentation for full-time internships
- Planning to continue reviewing RFCs which require attention
  
  - Data Model
  - Permissions
  - Triggers
- Will dive into the code to start HSM implementation

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Completed transaction verification implementation
- Fixed the bug with async-std: it was related to async executors, which can be run inside other executors. 
  
  - Rolled back the version of async-std to stable version
- Started to implement HTTP and WebSocket interface for maintenance endpoint
  
  - Prepared the RFC with results of research of HTTP and WS libraries
  - We need to review and make a decision
- Spent a lot of time on reviewing Permissions and Triggers RFCs
- Participated in several RFC-related discussions
- Will continue working on maintenance endpoint

[andrew.nikitin](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f217d60170ffc0023c57c14?ref=confluence)

- Today started with reviewing Permissions
- Make some models of Data Mode RFC
  
  - Started the HL Transact review and see how it can be integrated into Iroha 2
- Will proceed with Data Model RFC
- Will finish the Consensus API RFC to prepare it for discussion
- Will proceed with reviewing Triggers and Permissions

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Reviewed RFC of Merkle trees
  
  - We got feedback from Ruslan, we need to support Merkle tree for transactions and WSV
  - We need to proceed with the decision
- Reviewed RFC about triggers and permissions
  
  - Need to dive deeper into the terminology
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) : Transact have out-of-the-box support for the Merkle trees for transactions
  
  - It is a generalization of the Data Model idea

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- It is important to speed up some decisions for MVP; we have many ideas ready, but just need to stick to the reasonable solution
  
  - Design is really important, I am always happy to participate

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
