1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-07 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified by Egor Ivkov on May 07, 2020

## Date

07 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)
- [2020-05-07 Meeting notes](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)
- [2020-05-07 Meeting notes](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)
- [2020-05-07 Meeting notes](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[2020-05-07 Meeting notes](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)

- I have finished the decoupling of key generation from the core code. Now we can use Ursa key generation.
- Fixed some problems with our tests.
- Made some reviews for Egor
- We had a discussion about the DSL structure
- Now I am working on the prototype for async-std API to compare performance.
- Created a demo plan, we need to review it.
- I will finish the document with the requirements to the CI/CD on the next week and then share with the DevOps team.
- We can use the future staging environment for demos and for longevity/performance testing.
- I will prepare requirements as RFC, hence we can improve it on the go.

 [2020-05-07 Meeting notes](2020-05-07-Meeting-notes_21016163.html)

- Working on the testing framework. We started with trait implementation. I have tried to abstract the network with traits.
- We had discussions with Nikita regarding the approach for building a testing framework
- Implemented network mocks trough conditional compilation (cargo features) in the end.
- Will investigate more about abstraction for Sumeragi
- Have concerns about the build-deploy pipeline. Some stages can be done in parallel, hence we need to ask the DevOps team to review and probably improve it.
- Doing some minor improvements to Sumeragi.
- Sumeragi status: working on the basic test case. We have to implement the case with faulty peers and other network parts. 
  
  - The basic scenario is ready, and it will fail in some cases.
  - My plan to proceed with advanced cases after finishing test automation for the basic one.
  - [武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence) &gt; It is important to check digital signature of all votes for the consensus.

[武宮誠](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:12c320e6-5d17-404f-b20e-bfa5721ae960?ref=confluence)

- We had a conversation with Nikita about the DSL. There was some points of improvements, which I am working on now.
- Looking forward to the demo tomorrow.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
