1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-11-13 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Nov 13, 2020

## Date

13 Nov 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- Stepan Lavrentev
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotesStepan Lavrentev

- Found the reason for stability on the Longevity stand – required endpoint was not involved
  
  - We are assuming that during the weekend the machine will reach the memory limit and we will catch the situation again. Then it should restore if the fix was successful. I will take care of it (maximum - 512 Mb)
- Asked to return QA environment back online, will use the updated PRs with the fix on environment variables
- Finished Burrow testing
- Will proceed testing environment variables and TLS connection
  
  - Will add PR to the Python library for the selection of TLS keys
- Also, will take logger configuration to the scope today

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- Will finalize RocksDB report today, yesterday was interrupted
- Helped the DevOps team with the build of the Iroha
- There was no update about documentation for env vars
- Will take care of the PR with the fix for env vars – Stepan approved the correctness, will merge it.
- Regarding the Docker entry point. Probably we can move the "--config" parameter to the docker file? It will keep the behaviour, but it will be easier to manage it from the Ansible. We will need to fix the configuration of the entry point in the main Iroha repository, but it will change behaviour for 3rd party users of Iroha, who takes the code directly from GitHub.
  
  - We can assume that the main distribution way for Iroha is through the Docker Hub images, hence that change can hurt many people.
  - Also, we need to define, to which level we will provide backwards-compatibility
  - We may ask the Iroha community about how they are taking Iroha image – from the Docker Hub or from the GitHub directly.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
