1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-05-21 Status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on May 22, 2020

## Date

21 May 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)
- [Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence)

- Checked RFC about different types of keys
- Created a PR for configuration modes
- Refactored existing ISI and added some new instructions
- Interviewed potential Rust developer to the Polkaswap projects
- Will create RFC for permissions model
- Will create RFC for the design of event triggers, which will be very demanded on the Polkaswap project
- Will have a walkthrough/planning meeting with Vadim
- There is a question about assets, which contains not number (for example, some text, image, etc.)
  
  - There are many operations related to the creation of assets in Iroha 1, and I want to define single verb and use it everywhere.

 [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)

- Need to discuss documentation of Iroha 2, which is very important for the community and newcomers
- [Nikita Puzankov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5df113768998970e5b434e0a?ref=confluence) &gt; In the Rust we have a good possibility to create autogenerated documentation

[Egor Ivkov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5dd9631c1cf3c20ef5ff9f0f?ref=confluence)

- Working on handling faulty proxy tail case (draft PR published)
- Refactored Sumeragi, improved structure of the code for better maintainability
- We need to change the structure of blocks, which blocks proxy tail issue
- Then will proceed with edge cases in Sumeragi

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- Added information about block structure into the docs
- Checked RFC about assets ID, there are some open questions. Need to have a discussion regarding the possible issues.

## Action items

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence) Create a calendar entity for the Community call.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
