1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2021-01-11 Meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy on Jan 11, 2021

## Date

11 Jan 2021

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)
- [Stephan Lavrentev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e1709ecf65a6b0e9bf1d1b3?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence)

- DevOps team created the environment with a bad connection between nodes.

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- On holidays worked on fixing stability issues, prepared a branch with changes. Need review from [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
  
  - Updated ordering service and ordering gate. Dismissed sending of transactions forward for 2 rounds ahead.
  - In the case of receiving 'future" proposals, nodes caching them and uses them after finishing the current round.
  - It should fix the current problem
  - Now I am working on tests and then will test them on our environment.
- Now we are going to avoid sending proposals to four ordering services.
  
  - It requires the "gossip" protocol integration
- Reviewing one PR with 8000 lines of code change.
  
  - [Kamil Salakhiev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:07723e0b-a027-4cc4-ad6d-324e41cccb4d?ref=confluence) : Let's have a meeting with Andrey with a code walkthrough. And then you will do the more detailed PR.
  - Andrei said that it can be merged without the review because it was already reviewed and checked in the trunk branch.

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Chatbot has broken again.
- We have a PR from Baziorek about Raspberry Pi build documentation. We need to take a look at it and merge it.
- I have added new PR with "AddPeers" advanced information. I will check the comments and then we can merge them.

[Stephan Lavrentev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e1709ecf65a6b0e9bf1d1b3?ref=confluence)

- Fixed problem with Locust on the performance testing stand.
  
  - Now it works quite long
- Now working on the Grafana board improvements.
- We can start first launches with part of the scenarios.
- We will start the initial performance testing with simple transactions today, it will detect the maximum load which Iroha can handle.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
