1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2021-06-02 - Iroha Runtime Improvements Discussion

Created by Egor Ivkov, last modified on Jun 02, 2021

1. Discussed concerns mentioned in [https://hackmd.io/@i1/SkGUrNAtu](https://hackmd.io/@i1/SkGUrNAtu) about ISI and suggestion to use an already existing VM and corresponding assembly language like WASM or EBPF.
2. Decided to optimize ISI for simple permissioned networks use cases and fine tune instructions an queries to their needs.
3. Decided to work on designing high performance native common API for WSV that might be used by both ISI and WASM
4. Decided to introduce WASM or other VM later for permissionless network use cases. Estimated development start of this in a half of a year.
5. Discussed the desired user experience of using Iroha smart contracts: They should be represented as functions that in simple use cases can be combined as Unreal Engine blueprints. Under the hood the functions will be either ISI combinations, WASM code or high performance native API. For more difficult use cases users will also be able to write WASM or ISI contracts themselves.
6. Discussed an importance of introducing a "marketplace" like Github Actions Marketplace or crates.io for users to be able to select the needed existing functions.
7. Decided to start redesigning the WSV and transaction pipeline with the previous points in mind and also considering triggers.
8. Discussed the need to remove Register instruction for Account. Account should Appear as soon as someone sends assets to it. Possibly needed to introduce Identity system here similar to Polkadot/Kusama.
9. Decided to start researching the positioning of Iroha2 compared to other blockchains. Possibly needed to find a separate analyst for this.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
