1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 2](Iroha-2_21012047.html)
4. [Meeting minutes](Meeting-minutes_21016015.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2021-01-26 Meeting Notes - Suggestions from Java client library developers

Created by Egor Ivkov on Jan 27, 2021

**Suggested by:** Alexey Chernyshov

1. **Suggestion** Remove FindPeer query as it gets PeerId and returns PeerId. Therefore it is redundant.
2. **Suggestion** SignedQueryRequest should have an AccountId. Right now it has only signature which is not connected to any account.
3. **Suggestion** The messages in API should have API version. Introduce versioning for API.
4. **Suggestion** The API and client libraries in different languages should be tested in CI on release.
5. **Bug** There are no logs on the peer if tx is rejected.
6. **Suggestion** Right now if the user has not been given any amount of asset (balance is zero), the query for their balance will return error instead of 0. The query behavior should be changed as it is not intuitive.
7. **Suggestion**  Timestamp is sent as a string in query, might be better to send as a compact integer in scale encoding. In general all integers might benefit from scale compact encoding.
8. **Vulnerability** Iroha is susceptible to a "Repeated transaction attack". If man in the middle catches a signed transaction. They can resend it and it will pass validation, therefore making changes for another user's account.
   
   It is suggested to check previous blocks for existence of this tx hash.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:06

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
