1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Meeting notes](Meeting-notes_21016018.html)
5. [Meeting notes 2020](Meeting-notes-2020_21016022.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : 2020-04-15  Iroha status meeting notes

Created by Vadim Reutskiy, last modified on Apr 15, 2020

## Date

15 Apr 2020

## Attendees

- [Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence)
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)
- [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)
- [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)
- [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)
- [Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)
- [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

## Discussion items

WhoNotes

[Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)

- We have a call with [iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)  and [Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)  about MST corrections, how to restore the state when a node falls. We decided that for now you can do it.
- Currently it’s more important to deal with phantom MST transactions.
- Made the changelog generator work. There was a comment, that change logs may be more structured if we will keep the name of PRs in format and make labels.
- MST gossip needs some small changes and can be merged.
- We came to another MST-related task: IR-705 should be replaced by new one.
- Together with Eugene we reviewed the Burrow integration. We found more simple decision. Currently working on the wrapper improvement: SQL requests from Go code.
- It is still possible to finish the release until the end of iteration.

 [Evgeny Kovalev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:594f9075-4294-4635-bee5-2184c91eb7b6?ref=confluence)

- Researching on the data transfer from Burrow to Iroha 
  
  Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
  
  . Currently we have many things that needed, but the last idea is to avoid C-Go interface and put data directly to DB.
- Currently there is a clear way for finalization.
- Documentation
  
  Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
  
   is also in progress.
- If [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)  will help with wrappers, current Burrow-related tasks can be finished within current week.

[Михаил Болдырев](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:584193b8-9303-4b5a-8cb3-8153294c8cc2?ref=confluence)

- Continue work on Ultimaco integration
  
  Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
  
  . Currently it is real to finish it within 2 weeks because of mass-refactoring and logic change (including tests)
- Discussed MST with [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence)  at Monday.
- Maintenance endpoint on review

[iceseer](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:4990bcb6-a037-4038-8a49-fdcc925bfb4f?ref=confluence)

- Working on the performance improvement
  
  Error rendering macro 'jira' : null
  
   - finished with update, need to polish before the review.
- Started reviewing multihash
- Started diving into MST transactions

[Sara Garifullina](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b6c115b2c9bd83c03707f95?ref=confluence)

- Fixed change log generator
- We need to put labeles on PR: feature or fix + label for the big feature/epic if possible
- After the release we need to decide the approach to minimize the issues with PRs in the future.
- Was on the HL marketing call. We need to update Iroha part of the page, hence we need to think and discuss what else can be added to it.\\
- Added [Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence) to all HL groups for access to Jira and Confluence

[Kamill Gusmanov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:63da6633-c7e7-46ec-af27-94ba8825efea?ref=confluence)

- Working on the Python library, [Igor Egorov](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a80105f21870439aa90b6e4?ref=confluence)  is reviewing.
- Andrey sent the Iroha version with multihash, I have errors with startup.
- Currently working on Java library. Plans to finish the research and tomorrow will add the multihash to Java library.
- Probably, we will need to update metadata from new proto-files.
- [Andrei Lebedev](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:c02f1b3d-42e6-4519-ba84-2d0476dccbc9?ref=confluence) &gt; Probably we can rewrite the Java library using the reflection, so we can use protobuf without hardcoding.

## Action items

[Vadim Reutskiy](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5b8d04b72786fb2bf79a7405?ref=confluence): Organize the discussion about the correct PR approach, so the changelog generator will work more smoothly.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
