1. [Hyperledger Iroha](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Iroha](Hyperledger-Iroha_20873224.html)
3. [Iroha 1](Iroha-1_21015959.html)
4. [Architecture Decision Records](Architecture-Decision-Records_21015958.html)

# Hyperledger Iroha : Personal Domains

Created by John Siegrist, last modified on Jul 18, 2019

Priority

SHOULD

Type of change request

FEATURE

Epic link[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/IR-578](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/IR-578)Status

DRAFT

Target release

# **Vision**

This feature attempts to democratise the asset type creation aspects of the Iroha distributed ledger to enable every user to create any arbitrary tokens of their own choosing. Initially, this was motivated by the idea of recording personal IOUs on the ledger and making such informal ‘debts’ tradable in the system. However, considerations of how to do the implementation led to a more generallzed enhancement that can accomplish the same end.

This proposal extends the existing behaviour of Iroha according to the following:

- Modify the relationship between domains and users to allow users to exist in more than one domain.
- Extend the new account creation functionality to also create a new domain associated with the account and giving the user full administrative permissions on their 'personal domain'.

# **Functional details**

## **Personal domains**

Personal domains extend the domain concept to add a domain that is associated with every user account. The user is then given all of the domain and asset administrator permissions normally associated with the domain.

## **Implementation Notes**

This change will involve updating the relational schema to extend the domain - user relationship from a 1 to many to a many to many mapping and to update the permissions checks throughout the code base to ensure that user actions are verified against permissions for the appropriate domain.

## **Environmental objectives**

None

## Changelog

#Change descriptionAffected componentChange motivationDependency (optional)1What is changedWhere it is changed

Why it is done

After #1

Before #1

etc.

## Research strategy

#Research activityDetailsAcceptance criteriaResponsible (accepter) 1

## Documentation effort

#Target readerDocumentation description1

## QA activity

#Validation activityIntentionActionsExpected result 1TestingTest component X and check if …

Given X,

When Y

*AND*

When Y1

Then Z

*OR*

Then Z1

## Tasks

Error rendering macro 'jira' : null

* * *

Template data

Priorities MUST SHOULD COULD WON'T

Change request type FEATURE BUG FIX

Status BACKLOG WORK IN PROGRESS DONE

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 15:05

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
