1. [Hyperledger Transact](index.html)
2. [Hyperledger Transact](Hyperledger-Transact_23101448.html)
3. [Meeting Agendas &amp; Notes](23101835.html)

# Hyperledger Transact : 9/4 Transact Meeting Notes

Created by Mark Ford on Sep 09, 2019

- Review of the [Multi-Project Kanban Board for Transact](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=232&quickFilter=621) (Mark)
- - Reviewed active items on kanban board for Transact (Mark)
  - - A new RFC for Governance will be written that describes the governance process that will be used for Transact (similar to that used for other projects). (Ryan)
    - Explanation of the RFCs in progress: (Shawn)
    - - Mulit-Database RFC: The purpose of the RFC is to allow a smart contract in transact to read from multi-database (only write to one)
      - Command Family RFC: The purpose of this RFC is to provide a command transaction family, which exercises all of the available operations as specified in transactions directly and from the client side
    - Other Stories in Progress: (Shawn)
    - - Implement ZMQ ExecutionAdapter: Implement an ExecutionAdapter that provides support for transaction handlers over ZMQ.  This should allow Sawtooth transaction processors to connect to a transact-backed instance.
- Open Forum
- - There is now a PR in the Sabre Repo to to add scar files (smart contract archives). This will be useful when the smart contract has multiple files. (Shawn)
  - For how to contribute, as mentioned in rocketchat, creating more test code examples will be helpful (Shawn)
  - - I will work on providing test code (Swetha)
    - - For what you are working on, make use the transact\_contrib repo for a place to commit work in progress. (Shawn)
  - Are there any good, basic resources for learning Rust? (Swetha)
  - - “Too Many Lists” is good (Shawn)
    - “The Official Rust Book” is good as well as the app, “Play.Rust.Lang” bhy the Rust Lang team. (Peter)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 12:17

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
