1. [Community Events](index.html)
2. [Community Events Home](Community-Events-Home_21790731.html)
3. [Challenges](Challenges_21792347.html)
4. [Hyperledger Challenge 2022](Hyperledger-Challenge-2022_21792351.html)

# Community Events : Evaluation Criteria and Jury Panel (Draft)

Created by Arun .S.M., last modified on Feb 26, 2022

- Each submission is to be evaluated individually. A sample scoring sheet for each phase of the event is attached in this page.
- Only 2 digits are considered in the aggregated score. The decimal point is rounded off to the nearest number to arrive at the final score upon aggregation.
- In case if a jury member do not share results for a particular submission, the average of rest of the other jury is considered as an aggregate score. The reason for such incident shall be valid, for instance potential conflict of interest is considered valid. However, minimum number of juror evaluations will be done for each submission before aggregating the average score. This is to keep up the competitive spirit and give benefit of doubt to the participants.
- Jury scores are not shared with each others and with public, until final evaluations are done.
- Jury is free to ask additional questions to the team.

Notes:

1. Jury from different groups (technical and business).
2. Choose a broader set of jury for initial phase. There can be exceptions in allowing who can be the jury member. Highly valued Hyperledger volunteers are allowed.
3. 20 jury members for the second round. These are renowned members from the community and nominated. Consider panel responses from the chairs group for later rounds.
4. Last round, should be a small group of people. - check interest and confirmed invitation.

# Esteemed Jury Panel Evaluation

## Ideation Phase

1. Community leaders from across the globe will evaluate.

## Prototype and Launch Phase

1. Jury will consists of esteemed leaders from industries, academia and other organizations/institutions.

# Public Popularity Voting

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:18

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
