1. [Community Events](index.html)
2. [Community Events Home](Community-Events-Home_21790731.html)
3. [Past Events](Past-Events_21791107.html)
4. [Contributors Summits](Contributors-Summits_21790775.html)
5. [Maintainer Summit October 8-10, 2019](Maintainer-Summit-October-8-10%2C-2019_21790793.html)

# Community Events : Cross-Pollination Exercises

Created by Dan Middleton on Sep 29, 2019

# Phase 1: Learn about other projects

## Step 0: Mix &amp; Partition (10 min)

Break into groups of 4-8 ppl where each group contains at least two different projects.

## Step 1: Cross-pollination white boarding (45 min)

Each project explains their project’s design to the others.

Reconvene everyone and give a quick round table where each group says one thing they learned about each project?

## Step 2: Contribution process (20 min?)

As a precursor to the next activity, one member of each project briefly outlines the contribution process for her project.

(e.g. Sawtooth: meaningful Chris Beam commit message, …; Fabric: jira, commit with jira ID, …)

## Step 3: Mini-bug stomp (2 hrs?)

Each participant has brought a couple bugs or small enhancement areas.

Using the same groups, pair up to submit a PR to each project in that group (e.g. Fabric maintainers submit to Iroha, and Iroha submits a PR to Fabric).

## Step 4: Recap (30 min?)

What was good or bad about the other project's PR process?

What process step would be good you take from another project or remove from yours?

# Phase 2: Cross-project hacking

## Step 0: Grouping

(Keeping in the same groups? Or reshuffle groups?)

## Step 1: Cross-project brainstorm (30 min?)

Create a short list (1-3) of bite sized integration projects for tomorrow.

May use some of the ideas already on the wiki agenda brainstorm list.

## Step 2: Pitch (60 min?)

Each group pitches their ideas to the whole assembly.

Select activities and form hacking teams.

## Step 3: Hack (Half-day / full-day)?

Break after some period and do a direction check.

## Step 4: Recap

Capture learnings/outcomes/etc.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:12

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
