1. [Community Events](index.html)
2. [Community Events Home](Community-Events-Home_21790731.html)
3. [Meetups](Meetups_21790901.html)

# Community Events : Meetup Improvement Sub-Group

Created by David Boswell, last modified on Apr 29, 2021

This is a place to track the work and recommendations of the group of Hyperledger meetup organizers who are wanting to improve the experience of organizing events and for attending upcoming meetups or accessing past ones.  The main focus areas are:

- When creating events we want organizers to easily tap into all of the resources available to them such as Meetup.com, Chat, Google Drive, Wiki, YouTube which are currently hard to discover and use now
- For completed events we want people to easily be able to discover and learn from what was discussed there by creating a knowledge base of recordings and presentations

**Recording of Network Event beta demo on Thursday, April 29, 2021**

- [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21790804/21792099.txt)

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, November 12 at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Networking at meetups
  
  - Debrief of using Airmeet at recent Hyperledger Denver meetup
  - The LF doesn't currently have a paid Airmeet account but we may be able to make use of the free one just fine
    
    - [Free account allows for up to 100 attendees per event](https://www.airmeet.com/hub/pricing/) which works for all but the largest meetup events
    - Free account doesn't give us access to recordings, but [livestreaming to YouTube](https://help.airmeet.com/122/how-to-activate-facebook-youtube-integrations) seems possible so we can save recordings there
  - Information about [Humby](https://www.humby.io/) – designed to add social component to events and be simpler to use those Airmeet
  - Discussion about next steps
- Other topics
  
  - Jim to share example Knowledgebase page for Minifabric that combines content from multiple sources (YouTube, Github, etc) on one wiki page?

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, October 29 at 9:30 AM pacific**

- John and Shabs to report back on networking style event template and tools
  
  - John running an Airmeet test on [meetup on November 5](https://www.meetup.com/Hyperledger-Denver/events/274216889/)
  - Inviting all meetup organizers to join to try it out
- Jim to share example Knowledgebase page for Minifabric that combines content from multiple sources (YouTube, Github, etc) on one wiki page
- Other topics?

**Notes from Oct 1st meeting:**

John + Shabs to setup a deeper dive call to pick tools and format for virtual networking

Open-Networking Tools for review:

              Online Virtual Tables:  1. [airmeet.com](http://airmeet.com) 2. [rally.video](http://rally.video) 3. [remo.co](http://remo.co)

              Matching member skills+interests: [hyperledger.trustd.space](https://hyperledger.trustd.space)

TrustD.space demo moved to Tuesday at Monthly Organizers' meeting.

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, September 31 at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Jim to share example Knowledgebase page for Minifabric that combines content from multiple sources (YouTube, Github, etc) on one wiki page
- John and Shabs to report back on networking style event template and tools
  
  - [https://blog.zoom.us/best-practices-for-hosting-a-digital-event/](https://remo.co/conference-pricing/)
  - [https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476093-Getting-Started-with-Breakout-Rooms](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476093-Getting-Started-with-Breakout-Rooms)
  - [https://remo.co/blog/zoom-breakout-rooms-vs-remo-rooms-whats-the-difference/](https://remo.co/blog/zoom-breakout-rooms-vs-remo-rooms-whats-the-difference/)
  - [https://remo.co/conference-pricing/](https://remo.co/conference-pricing/)
- Shabs to do a demo of TrustD.space
- Other topics?

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, September 17 at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Jim to share example Knowledgebase page for Minifabric that combines content from multiple sources (YouTube, Github, etc) on one wiki page
  
  - Jim has a conflict today so we can bump this to the following meeting
- John to share additional event templates to add to library
- Shabs to do a demo of TrustD.space
- Other topics?

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, September 3 at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Review action items from last calls
  
  - Jim to share example Knowledgebase page for Minifabric that combines content from multiple sources (YouTube, Github, etc) on one wiki page
  - John to share additional event templates to add to library
  - Shabs to do a demo of TrustD.space

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, August 20th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Review action items from last calls
  
  - Jim to set up a one page Knowledgebase Concept page on the wiki linking to some YouTube pages
- Next steps with creating an event template library
- Other topics?

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, August 6th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Review action items from last calls
  
  - Jim to set up a one page Knowledgebase Concept page on the wiki linking to some YouTube pages
  - John to create a Hyperledger Indy workshop template to test out the functionality – this group will review and then share with whole group of organizers
  - David to reach out meetup rep about regional improvements they said were in the works
  - Alfonso will pick a color for Spanish meetups and will email the meetup list about picking colors for other languages

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, July 23th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Review action items from last call
  
  - Jim to set up a one page Knowledgebase Concept page on the wiki linking to some YouTube pages
  - John to create a Hyperledger Indy workshop template to test out the functionality – this group will review and then share with whole group of organizers
  - David to reach out meetup rep about regional improvements they said were in the works
  - Alfonso will pick a color for Spanish meetups and will email the meetup list about picking colors for other languages
  - Shabs to do a demo at the next call

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, July 9th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Dial-in: [https://zoom.us/j/4336690939](https://zoom.us/j/4336690939)
- Review action items from last call
  
  - Changed name of the work group to Meetup Improvement Work Group to recognize we're looking at improving more than just the wiki experience and also care about other tools for meetups, like YouTube
  - Jon to set up a page where we can work together on the YouTube recommendations and suggested changes
  - Jim and Jon to use the Hyperledger Boston meetup series Jim is working on with John Jordan as pilot for our YouTube plans
  - David to bump the Confluence Plugin that uses Meetup API and chat upgrade update to next call
  - Are there people who want to help roll out recommended YouTube suggestions for meetup recordings from 2020?
- Interest in also documenting event formats and using as [event templates](https://help.meetup.com/hc/en-us/articles/360041590851) on meetup.com
- Action items for this call
  
  - Jim to set up a one page Knowledgebase Concept page on the wiki linking to some YouTube pages
  - Shabs to do a demo at the next call
  - John to create a Hyperledger Indy workshop template to test out the functionality – this group will review and then share with whole group of organizers
  - David to reach out meetup rep about regional improvements they said were in the works
  - Alfonso will pick a color for Spanish meetups and will email the meetup list about picking colors for other languages

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, June 25th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Dial-in: [https://zoom.us/j/4336690939](https://zoom.us/j/4336690939)
- Discuss updated scope and name for our work group
  
  - Based on discussion on the last call this seems like a Meetup Improvement Work Group instead of something specifically focused on wiki improvements.
  - Proposed scope:
    
    - Improve the meetup creation experience by making all resources easier to discover and use
    - Improve the meetup content experience by making content from past events easier to find and discoverable
  - Review actions items from last call
    
    - David to add the meetup calendar feed to the weekly upcoming meetups email so group members can subscribe and get meetup info in their own time zones
    - David to talk to Jon about sharing his YouTube recommendations with this group and bringing next steps to this group to work on
    - Jim and Gerhard to look at how to create a Confluence plugin that uses that Meetup API to create a searchable knowledge base of past events
    - David to send a reminder to the meetup list about uploading presentations to the Google Drive – this doesn't solve the overall problem though of not being to upload presentations when creating events on [meetup.com](http://meetup.com) – a longer term solution could be to create out own event creation app that integrates every tool we use
    - John to ask Ry about how the upcoming chat upgrade will impact meetup organizers
  - Action items:
    
    - Changed name of the work group to Meetup Improvement Work Group to recognize we're looking at improving more than just the wiki experience and also care about other tools for meetups, like YouTube
    - Jon to set up a page where we can work together on the YouTube recommendations and suggested changes
    - Jim and Jon to use the Hyperledger Boston meetup series Jim is working on with John Jordan as pilot for our YouTube plans
    - David to bump the Confluence Plugin that uses Meetup API and chat upgrade update to next call
    - Are there people who want to help roll out recommended YouTube suggestions for meetup recordings from 2020?
    - Other items?

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, May 28th at 9:30 AM pacific**

- Review action items for last call
  
  - David to find out list of plugins we have installed on wiki
    
    - Ry documented those in the comments of this page.  Does someone want to review and see which ones could support the work we are wanting to do?
      
      - The Google Drive/Docs and Google Calendar plugins look like the most useful for us
      - Jim talked how we can install others or create our own
      - We probably want to avoid billable plugins where possible
  - David to find out how to allow non-admins to subscribe to calendar
    
    - The calendar settings are set to make the calendar public, but that button only seems to appear to people who have edit access.
    - However, the button just points to an .ics file that seems to be publicly accessible: [https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/meetups/ics/2157661/665592640/feed.ics](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/meetups/ics/2157661/665592640/feed.ics)
    - So we can provide that link as needed here on the wiki or in other locations (such as descriptions on YouTube posts)
    - Can someone confirm that they can subscribe using the link above?
      
      - Discussion:
        
        - The weekly update on the meetup list about this week's meetings is helpful and so is the invitation for each meetup that also gets sent to the list.
        - The big remaining challenge is converting UTC times to the local group's local time – how do we remove that extra step we're making people do to find out when events are happening?
        - One way to address this is to include the Meetup calendar feed in the weekly email of upcoming virtual meetups that organizers send to their groups.  So when a person subscribes to that feed it shows up in their local time.
  - David to find out from Meetup rep about best practices for adding presentations to an event page – file upload is no longer supported?  Is there integration to add presentations to Google Drive from the event page?
    
    - Discussing response from Meetup rep.  File uploading not currently available and they suggest using our own repository.  There is also no way to upload a file from the event page to our own repository, so this would require an organizer to leave their group and go to a separate tool.  Maybe the Meetup API could let us integrate this somehow so people could upload presentations while working on their events in their group pages?
  - Jon to offer best practices for posting meetup recordings on the YouTube channel and suggest new processes
    
    - Discussion: David shared the YouTube recommendations Jon made recently and we discussed if the scope of this group includes improving meetup content on YouTube as well as improving content on the wiki
  - Gerhard to look into Meetup API to see what we can do with it
    
    - Discussion: The API seems straight forward to use and gives us all of the information from events.  How can we use this to improve the experience?  Does this help us promote out upcoming events or help us organize content from past events?
    - The group thinks the retrospective use of the API is most useful.  Jim said if past meetups are tagged, then having a filterable search of all past meetups would be really helpful – people could do a knowledge search.  For example, show me all of the meetups that covered Sawtooth or whatever topic.
  - David to send a calendar invite for next call
    
    - Do we want to keep this at bi-weekly for now or move to monthly?
- Other agenda topics (feel free to add)
- Action items:
  
  - David to add the meetup calendar feed to the weekly upcoming meetups email so group members can subscribe and get meetup info in their own time zones
  - David to talk to Jon about sharing his YouTube recommendations with this group and bringing next steps to this group to work on
  - Jim and Gerhard to look at how to create a Confluence plugin that uses that Meetup API to create a searchable knowledge base of past events
  - David to send a reminder to the meetup list about uploading presentations to the Google Drive – this doesn't solve the overall problem though of not being to upload presentations when creating events on meetup.com – a longer term solution could be to create out own event creation app that integrates every tool we use
  - John to ask Ry about how the upcoming chat upgrade will impact meetup organizers

**Agenda and notes from planning call on Thursday, May 14th at 9:30 AM pacific**

Anyone interested in helping us improve the Hyperledger meetups wiki is welcome to join us for the call.

- Dial-in information: [https://zoom.us/j/4336690939](https://zoom.us/j/4336690939)

Notes:

- Review of Confluence features and plugins
- Where are all of the Hyperledger meetup resources?
  
  - This wiki (and any plugins that have been installed – get list of plugins)
  - The Meetup Pro account and groups
  - [Meetup chat channel link](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/meetup "https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/meetup")
  - [Mailing list](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/meetups "https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/meetups") – groups.io also has additional functionality beyond a mailing list, like a calendar
  - [Google Drive Meetup folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WSTWQEL1U8sI5cAURb7v1tqSvg-7Dpak?usp=sharing) (recommended against us using this since there are access issues in some countries, like China, and in some enterprises)
  - YouTube channel – the meetup playlist is there and could be improved
  - Social media: Twitter, Linkedin...
  - Other community resources: Github, Jira...
- What resources are missing?
  
  - Time zone converter – either a tool and/or a process
  - Integration with our Meetup Pro account on the wiki – can we make use of the Meetup API?  For example, to pull all of the presentations.
  - A presentation repository (that is easy to use)
  - Friendly URLs for these resources – www.hyperledger.org/meetupslides...
- Open questions
  
  - Where  do we direct the two different personas?
    
    - Organizers – is this the wiki?
    - Attendees – is YouTube for attendees or Meetup Pro or the wiki?
- Demo of other wikis and knowledge bases we can use as models?
  
  - ...
- Action items
  
  - David to find out list of plugins we have installed on wiki
  - David to find out how to allow non-admins to subscribe to calendar
  - David to find out from Meetup rep about best practices for adding presentations to an event page – file upload is no longer supported?  Is there integration to add presentations to Google Drive from the event page?
  - Jon to offer best practices for posting meetup recordings on the YouTube channel and suggest new processes
  - Gerhard to look into Meetup API to see what we can do with it
  - David to send a calendar invite for next call

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/21790804/21792099.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:12

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
