1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [HC-SIG General Meetings](HC-SIG-General-Meetings_20545763.html)
4. [2019 Meeting Agenda and Notes](2019-Meeting-Agenda-and-Notes_20555030.html)

# Healthcare SIG : 2019.03.22 General Meeting Agenda

Created by Former user (Deleted), last modified by Tomaz Sedej on Apr 08, 2024

![](attachments/20550783/20562221.png?width=700)

* * *

## **Welcome and Opening Statements**

- *A reminder to all HC-SIG members that this meeting is being recorded*
- [Reading of the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy "https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy")
  
  - [Hyperledger Antitrust Slide](https://tinyurl.com/HL-antitrust-slide "https://tinyurl.com/HL-antitrust-slide")
- **Discussion: request for note-taking for this meeting**

> In attendance:
> 
> - Rich Bloch (recording)
> - Alan Bachmann
> - Logan Wilding
> - Ken Allgood
> - Wendy Charles
> - Jeff Stollman
> - Steven Elliott

## **Introductions**

- **If you’re new to the group, please…**
  
  - Introduce yourself
  - Tell us where you're geographically located
  - Share with us your interests in healthcare in general, and blockchain technologies in specific

## **Community Announcements**

- **Feel free to share your community announcements as they relate to the Hyperledger community**

## **HC-SIG Subgroup Updates**

- Patient/Member Subgroup (Benjamin Djidi, Lead)

> No report (lead unavailable)

- Payer Subgroup (Raveesh Dewan, Lead)

<!--THE END-->

> - Some of the previous members are back and active now and we have already restarted the work on paper
> - There is a survey still open to collect the input
> - I am planning for a Physical event in the area to get more members and engagement - more details to come
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- Healthcare Interoperability Subgroup (Steven Elliott, Lead)

> Steven provided the group with an update that includes mention of the completion of their charter, and plans to work on an introductory email to go out to HC-SIG membership in the next couple of weeks

## **HC-SIG Ad Hoc Team Updates**

- Wiki Redesign Team (Brian Ahier and Raveesh Dewan, Lead)
  
  - Work continues on our SIG site design

> No report (lead unavailable)

- Academic Research Team (Logan Wilding, Wendy Charles, and Adrian Berg, Lead)
  
  - Logan plans to generate a one-page summary of next steps
  - Currently in works, [draft located here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1q-d8rGcRK2k_sq4xMUGinwhqwRYg-HOPK0vggaq7XkU)

> Logan and Wendy spoke on their plans to collaborate on the ART paper (Logan to produce a draft soon). Wendy has offered to provide some insight on setting up an academic resource page for the HC-SIG team wiki

## **Old Business**

- Hyperledger Quarterly SIG Report due 04/15
  
  - Subgroup and team leads need to generate a summary of their work over this past quarter (Q12019)
- HIMSS 2019 Conference Report (All)

<!--THE END-->

- - **Discussion: for those who attended, your thoughts?**
  - - - Healthcare Use Cases (Rich)
        
        - **Discussion: do we need a team/subgroup to develop healthcare use cases?**
  - <!--THE END-->
  - - - Blockchain Governance (Rich)
  - <!--THE END-->
  - - - - **Discussion: do we need a team/subgroup to think about the governance of healthcare blockchain technology solutions?**

> **For healthcare use cases, it was determined that we should develop and publish healthcare use cases. Rich will help to facilitate this. Wendy suggested that her access to academic white papers will likely have use cases that we might use to get started**
> 
> For the blockchain governance conversation, Ken and Steven both noted that this issue isn't necessarily scoped to the healthcare industry. Good discussion on this point. Rich took the action to contact Hyperledger leadership to understand what group(s) are discussing this topic, and how to collaborate

**New Business**

- David Houlding, CISSP, CIPP and Principal Healthcare Lead at Microsoft Corporation will be reprising his presentation given at the Blockchain Symposium at the HIMSS 2019 Conference earlier this year
- - Speaking at an upcoming HC-SIG General Meeting (04/05)

<!--THE END-->

- Open Discussions (Rich)
  
  - **Discussion: your thoughts on changes you'd like to see with the HC-SIG?**

## **Next Meeting**

- Scheduled for Friday, 2019.04.05, 0700 Pacific Time
- **Discussion: topics to add to agenda?**

# **Resources**

**New to Hyperledger?** You'll need a Linux Foundation ID (LFID) to edit our wiki pages and chat on Hyperledger channels. [Here's how to get your LFID](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA)

**Stay Informed.** [Get on our email list](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/healthcare-sig), and receive regular updates to HC-SIG meetings and events

**Additional Resources:**

- [**HC-SIG Email List**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/healthcare-sig)
- [**HC-SIG Chat Channel**](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/healthcare-sig)
- [**HC-SIG Wiki**](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HCSIG/)
- [**Hyperledger Events Calendar**](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings)
- [**Github Projects**](https://github.com/hyperledger)
- [**Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy**](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [hc-sig\_logo.png](attachments/20550783/20562221.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20550783/20562222.txt) (text/plain)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20550783/20562249.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:31

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
