1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [HC-SIG General Meetings](HC-SIG-General-Meetings_20545763.html)
4. [2019 Meeting Agenda and Notes](2019-Meeting-Agenda-and-Notes_20555030.html)

# Healthcare SIG : 2019.02.22 General Meeting Agenda

Created by Former user (Deleted), last modified by Tomaz Sedej on Apr 04, 2024

![](attachments/20550659/20562178.png?width=700)

* * *

## **Welcome and Opening Statements**

- *A reminder to all HC-SIG members that this meeting is being recorded*
- [Reading of the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy "https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy")
  
  - [Hyperledger Antitrust Slide](https://tinyurl.com/HL-antitrust-slide "https://tinyurl.com/HL-antitrust-slide")
- **Discussion: request for note-taking for this meeting**

> In attendance:
> 
> - Rich Bloch
> - Alan Bachmann
> - Bilal Saleh
> - Logan Wilding (recording)
> - Raveesh Dewan
> - Robert coli, MD
> - Vipin Bharathan
> - Wendy Charles
> - Steven Elliott
> - nisarg
> - Jim
> - Laura Crady
> - Kamlesh Nagware
> - Mahesh Reddy
> - John Riley III

**Introductions**

- **If you’re new to the group, please…**
  
  - Introduce yourself
  - Tell us where you're geographically located
  - Share with us your interests in healthcare in general, and blockchain technologies in specific

> New to the group:
> 
> - Wendy Charles - Denver Health
>   
>   - Clinical research interest
> - Vipin Bharathan
>   
>   - Consulting company
>   - Chair of the identity working group
>   - Security &amp; privacy working group

## **Community Announcements**

- **Feel free to share your community announcements as they relate to the Hyperledger community**

## **HC-SIG Subgroup Updates**

- Patient/Member Subgroup (Benjamin Djidi, Lead)

<!--THE END-->

> - Work continues to seek a new customer/subject matter expert (SME) for the Donor Milk Project
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- Payer Subgroup (Raveesh Dewan, Lead)

<!--THE END-->

> - Raveesh reported out on the continuing work of the Payer Subgroup, indicating that they have renewed momentum and are planning next actions for the subgroup
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- Healthcare Interoperability Subgroup (Steven Elliott, Lead)

<!--THE END-->

> - Steven introduced himself to the group, and the plans for this subgroup
> - Born of EMR/EHR &amp; PHR questions
> - Discussed immunization use case
> - Developing charter, meeting in early March
> 
> Relatedly, Rich mentioned that the government has issued an RFI for healthcare interoperability ([details here](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2019/02/15/2019-02519/request-for-information-action-on-interoperability-of-medical-devices-data-and-platforms-to-enhance))

## **HC-SIG Ad Hoc Team Updates**

- Wiki Redesign Team (Brian Ahier and Raveesh Dewan, Lead)
  
  - Work continues on our SIG site design (thanks Raveesh and Marissa)

<!--THE END-->

> - Confluence transition continues
> - Raveesh gave an update on the move from Wiki
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- Academic Research Team (Logan Wilding and Adrian Berg, Lead)
  
  - Logan plans to generate a one-page summary of next steps
  - Currently in works, [draft located here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1q-d8rGcRK2k_sq4xMUGinwhqwRYg-HOPK0vggaq7XkU)

<!--THE END-->

> - Rich and Logan updated membership on the work being done through this team
> - Logan will have a one-page summary available soon, and will go to membership to engage additional resources

## **Old Business**

- Getting Published? (Rich)
  
  - We have some extraordinary talent in our membership… let's put that to good use
  - Wiki page added [here](Article-and-Whitepaper-Research-Collaborations_20550639.html)

<!--THE END-->

- Healthcare technologies challenges (Rich)
- - Upcoming opportunities: [KidneyX Redesign Dialysis Prize Competition](http://www.kidneyx.org/ "http://www.kidneyx.org/")
  - From community feedback, plan is to pursue the KidneyX Competition, with a proposal due date of 2019.02.28

<!--THE END-->

> - Rich statused on his recent meeting with the CMO of Northwest Kidney Centers (NKC)
> - Alan Bachmann indicated that he has a draft submission ready for next week's competition deadline
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- 2019 HC-SIG Survey (Rich)
  
  - Released (2019.01.18)
  - Some early results…
  - If you haven't yet participated, [please do so](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd0QSnAKbBV9ump5732-FoSWZJMEqCFMWbgFVuyxME0_5zctw/viewform)

## **New Business**

- HIMSS 2019 Conference Report (All)
- - **Discussion: for those who attended, your thoughts?**

<!--THE END-->

- - - Healthcare Use Cases (Rich)
      
      - **Discussion: do we need a team/subgroup to develop healthcare use cases?**

<!--THE END-->

> - **There is a need to develop specific healthcare use cases**
>   
>   - **Logan indicated his interest in working on this**
>   - **Vipin added that there may be value in working with other WGs and to parse some of the work done at the Global Forum**
> 
> <!--THE END-->

- - - Blockchain Governance (Rich)

<!--THE END-->

- - - - **Discussion: do we need a team/subgroup to think about the governance of healthcare blockchain technology solutions?**

<!--THE END-->

- Open Discussions (Rich)
  
  - **Discussion: your thoughts on changes you'd like to see with the HC-SIG?**

## **Next Meeting**

- Scheduled for Friday, 2019.03.08, 0700 Pacific Time
- **Discussion: topics to add to agenda?**

# **Resources**

**New to Hyperledger?** You'll need a Linux Foundation ID (LFID) to edit our wiki pages and chat on Hyperledger channels. [Here's how to get your LFID](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEc4JRyaAoA)

**Stay Informed.** [Get on our email list](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/healthcare-sig), and receive regular updates to HC-SIG meetings and events

**Additional Resources:**

- [**HC-SIG Email List**](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/healthcare-sig)
- [**HC-SIG Chat Channel**](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/healthcare-sig)
- [**HC-SIG Wiki**](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HCSIG/)
- [**Hyperledger Events Calendar**](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings)
- [**Github Projects**](https://github.com/hyperledger)
- [**Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy**](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy)

## Attachments:

![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [hc-sig\_logo.png](attachments/20550659/20562178.png) (image/png)  
![](images/icons/bullet_blue.gif) [dummyfile.txt](attachments/20550659/20562194.txt) (text/plain)

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:31

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
