1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [HC-SIG - Payer Subgroup](HC-SIG---Payer-Subgroup_20545772.html)
4. [Meeting Index and Summary](Meeting-Index-and-Summary_20562097.html)

# Healthcare SIG : 2023-05-01 Meeting notes

Created by Elisabeth Green on May 06, 2023

## Date

01 May 2023

## Attendees

- [Elisabeth Green](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:5b417990-5e6e-4737-8337-1a1cc470388b?ref=confluence)
- Anasuya Threse Innocent, BiniWorld Innovations Pvt Ltd

## Goals

- Discuss how to upgrade Hyperledger Fabric for scalability to enable real-time applications that use IoT devices to speed up blockchain adoption for healthcare applications.

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes20 minutesDiscuss how to upgrade.

- Anasuya Threse Innocent, BiniWorld Innovations Pvt Ltd

<!--THE END-->

- BiniBFT is a Byzantine Fault Tolerance consensus library for Hyperledger Fabric that provides end-to-end security, high throughput with low latency and high scalability so that Fabric can be applicable for distributed and decentralized day-to-day applications.

 20 minutes Discuss how to upgrade.

 

- [Elisabeth Green](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/712020:5b417990-5e6e-4737-8337-1a1cc470388b?ref=confluence)

 For early detection of a disease as serious and rapidly evolving as sepsis, mailing a specimen or test kit would be a major delay. Also, mail gets lost for months or forever. The payer should provide any needed test kit to the patient before an adverse event. Additionally, clinical trials might work for some subjects but not others because of individual differences. Home testing through wearables or implanted telemetric test kits alone or along with a prosthesis such as a hydrogel should measures what the user asks it to, such as pH and biomarker levels. It should provide signals to the user that she can then share with her doctor or clinical trials investigator. It is the user's choice whether her health data should be placed on blockchain so that she can sell a ticket to view some of her data or transfer it to a centralized database. It is also her choice as to whether her public key is a hash of her wallet secret phrase, her social security number, her DNA code, etc.

## Action items

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:34

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
