1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [Archive](Archive_20562091.html)
4. [HC-SIG - Patient Subgroup (Archived)](20545765.html)
5. [HC-SIG Patient Meetings Summary](HC-SIG-Patient-Meetings-Summary_20562198.html)

# Healthcare SIG : Meeting Notes - 20190820

Created by Deniz Coskun, last modified on Aug 22, 2019

Hyperledger Patient Subgroup

**August 20th 2019 meeting**

No sound track recording was possible 

**Patient Consent**

**In attendance:**

Deniz Coskun – moderator

Kent Lau

Robert Learney

**Agenda:**

- **Summary of the references of the last meetings**
  
  - We decided to work on an use case:
    
    - Clinical Trials for Diabetes Treatment with Wearables
    - Patient Consent Process is the focus
    - We want to use Smart on FHIR as Data Standard for the Data Transfer between EHR2EDC
    - Data Consolidation and Process Execution on Blockchain is separated
    - API Structure is to be defined

<!--THE END-->

- We want to fix the scope in order to specify the work to be done
- Deniz contacted with Associate Prof. Mehdi Benchoufi and Paty with Bob Milius, PhD

Deniz opened the meeting. Michael presented himself. Deniz gave a short summary of the scope and the actions of the Subgroup. 

The last decisions are discussed. Kent asked for a whatsapp group for the better coordination of the meetings. 

Deniz perseneted the the list of the questions for the next steps (from Paty and himself) 

**Questions:**

- What is the particular Treatment in Diabetes?
- Which Framework is the best in Hyperledger? Fabric or Sawtooth? Criteria for the selection?
- The data flow between Data and Process Layer? Structure and content.
- In all use cases: what information about data access is stored in the blockchain? Type of data, provenance, intended use?
- In all use cases: when is consent required more than once? For example: When a new PaaS AI supplier accesses the data? When during monitoring something new/different is monitored in the patient such as moods using a mood-tracking App? ( See [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5676196/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5676196/))
- How can we design the Hyperledger Consent API to be universally used in all cases? Standardization?
- What other use cases of patient consent fit here?
- Do clinical trials use AI monitoring engine linked to a drug treatment plan? For example, for drug tolerance or adverse effects through sensors or repeated lab work?

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:35

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
