1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [HC-SIG - Payer Subgroup](HC-SIG---Payer-Subgroup_20545772.html)
4. [Meeting Index and Summary](Meeting-Index-and-Summary_20562097.html)
5. [2019 - 2020 Meeting Index and Summary](2019---2020-Meeting-Index-and-Summary_20562096.html)

# Healthcare SIG : Meeting Notes - Jan 29 2019

Created by Raveesh Dewan, last modified on Feb 05, 2019

## Date

03 Feb 2019January 29th, 2019 - 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM

## Attendees

- [Raveesh Dewan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:649dc451-8286-49a2-9235-8e8961c00c8c?ref=confluence)
- @Satarupa
- @Tony Little
- @Logan Wilding
- @Vaibhav Patil
- @Richard Gomes
- @Bobbi Muscara

## Goals

- Revisit the decision to continue working on the Blockchain Decision Paper
- Finalize the cadence for the meeting going forward
- Gather interest areas for future meetings

## Meeting Recording - [**Click Here**](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1R1DPMDXC7irnOP98SG-lIkTfMUV9ZyB1)

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes5 minsBlock Chain Decision PaperRaveesh Dewan

- There was a collective decision to explore further and take the paper to completion if possible.
- Raveesh to check with Jeff S. to explore the interest and update the team members in next meeting.
- Current direction - team will pick this in next few meeting to create a plan for completion.

10 mins Cadence for the meeting Raveesh Dewan

- Group decided to change the meeting cadence from Weekly to meet every other week.
- Starting Feb 5th, group will start meeting every other week.

40 minsInterest areas and ideasOpen Discussion

- Tony shared that there are a number of complex use cases and almost all use cases in healthcare includes issues that are related to legal, processes, how multiple entities can work together.
  
  - Blockchain adoption also faces Political and Economics challenges
  - Tools are lacking in the ecosystem
  - There are numerous areas to address, so if there are tool kits, solutions or even guidelines to help solve current problems would be of help.
- Bobbie suggested if group can work on learning materials it would be beneficial for others who are just starting.
- Richard supported the idea of tool kit
- Everyone was support of exploring Payment Supply Chain for Healthcare.
  
  - There is complexity to be addressed in bundled payments
  - Cost of verification that care occurred and tracking for payment
  - Smart Contracts and how bundled payments can be simplified
- Logan shared a great use case around similar problem that includes Committer, Consent and Endorsers are part of the process and plays a critical roles and can leverage blockchain for addressing a complex problem.

## Action items

- [Raveesh Dewan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:649dc451-8286-49a2-9235-8e8961c00c8c?ref=confluence) to get in touch with Jeff S. to explore the interest on the paper completion 05 Feb 2019 
  

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:34

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
