1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [HC-SIG - Payer Subgroup](HC-SIG---Payer-Subgroup_20545772.html)
4. [Meeting Index and Summary](Meeting-Index-and-Summary_20562097.html)
5. [2019 - 2020 Meeting Index and Summary](2019---2020-Meeting-Index-and-Summary_20562096.html)

# Healthcare SIG : Meeting Notes - Feb 4 2019

Created by Raveesh Dewan, last modified on Apr 29, 2019

## Date

03 Feb 2019

## Attendees

- [Raveesh Dewan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:649dc451-8286-49a2-9235-8e8961c00c8c?ref=confluence)
- [Satarupa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:dd9554fa-ac64-4bac-8eea-868f15b40abb?ref=confluence)
- @Alan Bachmann
- @Vaibhav Patil
- @Jeff Stollman
- @Tyler

## Goals

- Decide the next work products that this work group will focus on.
- Communicate the bi-weekly schedule.
- Follow Up on who will start working on paper to take it to completion.

## Discussion items

TimeItemWhoNotes5minsReview Previous NotesRaveesh Dewan

- Take a checkpoint on the previous weeks discussion
- No changes to the meeting minutes

15mins Future Work Products / IdeasAll 

- Use case information that came from Logan - [**Link to Google Docs.**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xGVJn15wPFfY0y6smdZzRaf6u2n4g1mO4ixWcQ8ILuE/edit)
- Team members to review the paper from Logan and share their views in the next meeting.
- Opportunities regarding blockchain to facilitate the sharing and standardization.
- Challenges and Opportunities in Payer Industry with Blockchain
- On-Chain and Off-Chain - Challenges

30minFinalize approach for the future work productsAll

- Survey regarding what are various interests
  
  - Create form to capture the ideas
  - Based on those ideas - what should be the work products

5minsDecision Paper Next Steps

- Jeff will take a look at the paper. [**Link to the initial paper**](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1k8LDb5XuMoTDktQkB2PV0lXowjGws0ltco6QFpOvIAc).
- All the team members will review and add their thoughts as needed.

5minsRe-Cap and Next StepsRaveesh Dewan

- Action items captured below
- Next Meeting - **Feb 19th 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM EST**

## Action items

- @Jeff to review and share your final thoughts // March first week.
- [Raveesh Dewan](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:649dc451-8286-49a2-9235-8e8961c00c8c?ref=confluence) add the information from Alan to these meeting mins. 06 Feb 2019
- @Alan - Review the document from Logan and share his thoughts 19 Feb 2019
- [Satarupa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:dd9554fa-ac64-4bac-8eea-868f15b40abb?ref=confluence)  - Create a survey to capture ideas : [https://goo.gl/forms/YC0NQ1KBVP8SAHfj2](https://goo.gl/forms/YC0NQ1KBVP8SAHfj2) (Step 1: Crowd source survey questions until 11 Feb 2019  )
- [Satarupa](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:dd9554fa-ac64-4bac-8eea-868f15b40abb?ref=confluence) - Step 2: Send out survey 12 Feb 2019

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:34

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
