1. [Healthcare SIG](index.html)
2. [Healthcare SIG](Healthcare-SIG_20545573.html)
3. [Quarterly/Semi-Annual Reports](20550864.html)

# Healthcare SIG : Mid-Year 2022 Report- Healthcare Special Interest Group

Created by Ray Dogum on Jul 26, 2022

## Healthcare Special Interest Group (HC-SIG)

**Description**

It is the mandate of this Special Interest Group, the Hyperledger Healthcare Special Interest Group (HC-SIG), to represent healthcare professionals and technologists, and globally unite in advancing the state of the healthcare industry through the implementation of technology solutions using blockchain technologies in general, and the umbrella of Hyperledger frameworks and toolsets in specific.

Healthcare SIG wiki page : [Healthcare SIG](https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/display/HCSIG/Healthcare+SIG)

## Report Author(s)

Ray Dogum

## Healthcare-SIG Overall Health

The HC-SIG meetings are held every two weeks and we have an average of 10 attendees in each meeting in the first half of 2022. The General Meetings continue to focus on Industry Research and News in a Journal Club format and have received positive feedback. In the Spring of 2022, Mike McCoy resigned his position as the chair of the healthcare SIG and Ray Dogum was nominated to lead the group moving forward. 

## Issues and Challenges

Meeting attendees are typically interested in the perspectives of other members and their opinions on industry news. However, there is a lack of unified purpose in the group, other than sharing research, articles, and discussion. Our three subgroups of Patient, Provider, and Interoperability have stopped meeting and are no longer active. There is still some interest in creating new ways to build community around these and other subgroups. 

## Overall Activity in the last 6 months

- Data Privacy Discussions related to recent legislations for healthcare in general SIG meetings
- We discussed the impact of Data breaches at hospitals and how DLT is poised to offer solutions
- We discussed the potential for Roe V. Wade's overturning as a catalyst for more private solutions for women tracking their health data
- Started adding SIG meeting recordings on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0MZ85B_96CHQN9cscCdW-LZwp5GAoPrH) (Thanks Tomaz Sedej and Igor Krupczynski for their help with that)
- Added a list of healthcare/blockchain online courses with costs and notes for members

## Planned Work Products

- Review available healthcare/blockchain courses
- Identify interesting topics for guest presentations and set up events

## Participant Diversity

Participants in meetings come from a similar range of background in healthcare, mostly health technology veterans and people relatively new to the space trying to learn more about the Healthcare SIG as a resource for blockchain technology in health. There is generally an even number of females and males who have been attending meetings and mainly from the United States. There are a number of members who attend from South America and Europe. 

## Additional Information

N/A

## Date Published:

7/25/2022

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 16:34

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
