WEBVTT

1
00:00:01.940 --> 00:00:09.470
Stephen Curran: All right. Welcome to the June thirteenth, 2,023. Here's Cloud and Python user group meeting.

2
00:00:10.330 --> 00:00:18.460
Stephen Curran: do i update And update of the PC, go of code with us in Theco is doing

3
00:00:18.770 --> 00:00:20.950
Stephen Curran: talk about 0 8 2

4
00:00:21.040 --> 00:00:39.910
Stephen Curran: and pr, in general, occupy plugins. We want to talk about that update on progress and plans for that, and briefly, talk about adding a new Maintainer. So those are the topics today. And anything else people want to add, I'll I'll leave space for adding other topics in a moment.

5
00:00:40.200 --> 00:00:47.970
Stephen Curran: reminder. It's a Linux Foundation meeting. So the anti-trust policy is in effect, as is the code of conduct.

6
00:00:49.760 --> 00:00:56.669
Stephen Curran: Everyone is welcome. Glad to have you here. If anyone wants to introduce themselves.

7
00:00:57.230 --> 00:01:07.679
Stephen Curran: feel free to raise your hand or grab the mic, and let us know who you are. What? Why, you're joining, and your interest in acupy

8
00:01:14.940 --> 00:01:23.870
Stephen Curran: as well. If anyone is interested in adding a topic to the agenda. Let me know, and we can adjust the agenda for now.

9
00:01:28.370 --> 00:01:29.829
Stephen Curran: All right.

10
00:01:30.780 --> 00:01:41.700
Stephen Curran: let's get started. in in the announcement area, a reminder of the documentation page that we've got. And this Thursday I'm doing a presentation at the identity Sig on

11
00:01:41.730 --> 00:01:47.410
Stephen Curran: Z Kps, the high school map addition. So if you're interested in knowing

12
00:01:47.770 --> 00:01:54.419
Stephen Curran: a fun topic, going to a see a fun topic on dkps, please join.

13
00:01:55.470 --> 00:02:04.700
Stephen Curran: All right, let's get into topics. Daniel, I didn't check in with you, but assume you're ready and able to chat about what you're doing.

14
00:02:04.790 --> 00:02:10.349
Daniel Bluhm: Yeah. let's see. So this week. The big news is that we've completed

15
00:02:10.530 --> 00:02:34.189
Daniel Bluhm: our quote unquote Mvp. Revocation. So we've got all the pieces in place. Finally, we're able to string them together manually and are able to issue credentials, present them, Revoke them and present them again with varying, you know, revocation intervals specified, and everything's turning out as expected, which was pretty big

16
00:02:34.230 --> 00:02:46.500
Daniel Bluhm: a number of factors required along the way there. so that's that's what's been taking a significant portion of our time. now that we have this Mvp status, we're we're moving on to implementing the automated registry

17
00:02:46.560 --> 00:02:47.709
Daniel Bluhm: set up

18
00:02:47.830 --> 00:03:03.739
Daniel Bluhm: process as we've discussed previously, and we've been building to this point. So I anticipate that it won't be too bad to take that next step and and get the automated portion put together. I do anticipate that there will be some additional

19
00:03:03.800 --> 00:03:10.310
Daniel Bluhm: for factors and refinements required along the way. but pretty optimistic that we'll be able to get that set up pretty quick.

20
00:03:10.900 --> 00:03:22.550
Daniel Bluhm: other things. that we're working on or anticipate over the next little bit revocation registry recovery is something that we I kind of just

21
00:03:22.990 --> 00:03:28.409
Daniel Bluhm: ignored for a moment as we worked on other things, which is the process of catching the ledger up with

22
00:03:28.460 --> 00:03:31.289
Daniel Bluhm: the wallet. If there's ever a time when the wallet

23
00:03:31.320 --> 00:03:34.359
Daniel Bluhm: is updated with a a pending revocation, but that

24
00:03:34.530 --> 00:03:42.539
Daniel Bluhm: somehow failed in the process of getting it to the ledger. all that code is pretty indie specific still at the moment. So you need to go through and and

25
00:03:43.070 --> 00:03:50.390
Daniel Bluhm: genericize it, I suppose? and and get that working with the ledger agnostic interface.

26
00:03:51.050 --> 00:04:00.949
Daniel Bluhm:  also looking at what it's going to take to either adapt or retain the original Indian non credits interfaces.

27
00:04:01.300 --> 00:04:16.229
Daniel Bluhm: trying to figure out where the balance is. There's still what needs to be changed all together to just use the new interface? Or what do we want to like? Actually stay behaving exactly the same way as before? But okay, I say that no poorly.

28
00:04:16.260 --> 00:04:28.010
Daniel Bluhm: The the act by control interface should remain exactly the same. that's the goal but like what under the hood needs to change, I guess in that process

29
00:04:28.330 --> 00:04:33.729
Daniel Bluhm: things we're considering at the same time. are, you know, like.

30
00:04:34.790 --> 00:04:45.909
Daniel Bluhm: Do we retain both systems? If we don't retain both systems, what's the upgrade process gonna look like to transition the records to look like the generic non-credit on checks and stuff.

31
00:04:46.070 --> 00:04:50.869
Daniel Bluhm:  so there's some questions to be answered there, so we'll be taking into that.

32
00:04:52.290 --> 00:04:54.500
Daniel Bluhm: And then, aside from that, just general.

33
00:04:54.700 --> 00:04:58.290
Daniel Bluhm: I need to update some tests and cleaning things up. So

34
00:04:59.410 --> 00:05:00.250
Daniel Bluhm: yeah.

35
00:05:00.560 --> 00:05:08.090
Daniel Bluhm: making good progress, looking forward to again, knocking it out and getting this. Taken care. Okay.

36
00:05:10.550 --> 00:05:14.140
Stephen Curran: okay, any questions for Daniel from anyone.

37
00:05:16.540 --> 00:05:25.689
Daniel Bluhm: Oh, I I guess I will mention I've linked to that that project. Update the document. I go into slightly more detail than I did in these bullet points in the agenda. If you're interested.

38
00:05:25.720 --> 00:05:28.359
Daniel Bluhm: that's all links to Pr and such. So.

39
00:05:32.260 --> 00:05:35.329
Stephen Curran: okay. sorry. Just writing a note here.

40
00:05:40.880 --> 00:05:42.900
Stephen Curran: Okay.

41
00:05:43.090 --> 00:05:56.029
Stephen Curran: finalizing the 0 8 to release contents. let me take a look at where we are. Hopefully, the screen speaker. I'm experimenting with new screens and ways of structuring my workflow. And

42
00:05:56.560 --> 00:06:00.789
Stephen Curran: the screen isn't usually this big. But hopefully, that's okay.

43
00:06:03.120 --> 00:06:06.760
Stephen Curran: So 0 8 2

44
00:06:07.340 --> 00:06:14.629
Stephen Curran: was released. containing everything obviously since 0 8 one So there's

45
00:06:14.640 --> 00:06:17.119
Stephen Curran: a fair amount in there.

46
00:06:17.450 --> 00:06:30.870
Stephen Curran:  you know this is sort of the list of things. I guess I it easier. There's 0 8 one down here. So there's a series of things. Obviously the change lock covers what is in 0 8

47
00:06:31.180 --> 00:06:40.870
Stephen Curran: 2. Since then we've merged 2 other items. a fix for thread id and a

48
00:06:41.000 --> 00:06:49.110
Stephen Curran: a. It basically filter on unregistered did methods. So these 2 were seen, both valuable and and useful.

49
00:06:49.340 --> 00:07:12.590
Stephen Curran:  there is an issue with this in A at H. It appears to be in this change. I my guess is it's probably something with The test harness itself as opposed to the library. But we've gotta obviously make sure we understand that. Jason, I don't know if you've made any progress on that in looking at that issue.

50
00:07:12.610 --> 00:07:22.790
Jason Sherman: Yeah, I was just gonna raise my hand. so you were right. It had to do with thread. Id. I just have to do some regression test. So the

51
00:07:22.800 --> 00:07:30.640
Jason Sherman: test that failed, I got to pass. But now I'm going to run it back through the other ones to make sure to screw up those ones. But yeah, it's

52
00:07:30.900 --> 00:07:51.460
Stephen Curran: it's on its way, anyway. So what is the picks to occupy? I know to the test. Harness to the to the the the behave. Test. Yeah, okay, good. Okay, good. So this is not affected by it. Okay, so 0 8, 2 r, c, 0 has been out for a while.

53
00:07:51.770 --> 00:07:57.570
Stephen Curran: so the only question is of the open requests we have.

54
00:07:57.840 --> 00:08:17.130
Stephen Curran: which ones of these, if any, we want in 0 8, 2  obviously. And then, and then we'll look at which ones are ready to go regardless. So the question, the first question, and again, I'm I'm sort of open to this one is.

55
00:08:17.250 --> 00:08:22.100
Stephen Curran: are there things that we think are important to go into 0 8? 2

56
00:08:23.850 --> 00:08:25.220
Stephen Curran: of

57
00:08:25.760 --> 00:08:37.620
Stephen Curran: basically of of the last few that we're there. I don't think there's that many that that we want to rush out basically rush out and get to a into the 0 8 2.

58
00:08:41.200 --> 00:08:46.870
Stephen Curran: Is there anything that people are aware of that. They want to see in that release.

59
00:08:50.990 --> 00:08:57.780
Emiliano Suñé: There's there's a couple items that Shan Jaw had open Pr for that are about.

60
00:08:57.890 --> 00:09:01.160
Stephen Curran:  not that one

61
00:09:01.880 --> 00:09:03.430
Emiliano Suñé: or is it

62
00:09:04.870 --> 00:09:06.160
Stephen Curran: this one?

63
00:09:06.390 --> 00:09:12.859
Emiliano Suñé: Yeah, that that, if possible, that would be great. That is a change that allows to change

64
00:09:12.880 --> 00:09:21.209
Emiliano Suñé: additional runtime settings on a tenant basis rather than inheriting the the main wall at once.

65
00:09:21.230 --> 00:09:32.499
Emiliano Suñé: So that's that's it for multi-cans and yeah deployments. And there's the other one. That is the one about the logs which is basically add in the initial

66
00:09:32.610 --> 00:09:40.490
Emiliano Suñé: and step running context to log statements, so they can, being me filtered by tenant right now. There's no identifiers that we

67
00:09:41.040 --> 00:09:44.129
Emiliano Suñé: show. Which standard the log of it is coming from

68
00:09:44.950 --> 00:09:48.820
Stephen Curran: is that included in this one. I don't see a second one from Shanghai.

69
00:09:49.050 --> 00:09:52.570
Emiliano Suñé: There should be another one.

70
00:09:52.830 --> 00:09:54.880
Emiliano Suñé: unless it was a writing word. But let me check.

71
00:09:55.170 --> 00:09:57.940
Emiliano Suñé: I'm maybe it was merge, and I didn't notice.

72
00:09:58.790 --> 00:09:59.470
Thank you.

73
00:10:00.040 --> 00:10:05.119
Stephen Curran: So, Maintainer, we would need a review of 2,233.

74
00:10:18.060 --> 00:10:21.710
Emiliano Suñé: Yeah, the long one was merged already. So I think we're good with that.

75
00:10:21.840 --> 00:10:22.780
Stephen Curran: Okay?

76
00:10:25.330 --> 00:10:31.340
Daniel Bluhm: So the I guess the one question I have considering what should go into 0 8 to release is

77
00:10:31.430 --> 00:10:34.080
Daniel Bluhm: we. We've got some other things that we

78
00:10:34.480 --> 00:10:42.140
Daniel Bluhm: no are coming soon, like deprecating. not deprecating, I guess, but dropping support for python. 3, 6,

79
00:10:42.180 --> 00:10:43.390
Daniel Bluhm: yeah,

80
00:10:44.720 --> 00:10:53.229
Daniel Bluhm: and there's some other changes that are dependent on that. And there's a couple of other breaking changes. So I I guess the question I have is.

81
00:10:53.660 --> 00:10:59.569
Daniel Bluhm: how soon are we going to see the next release? If we do a 0 8 2 now? Because if it's pretty soon

82
00:10:59.610 --> 00:11:04.739
Daniel Bluhm: then I'd say we can hold off on some of the breaking changes.

83
00:11:04.810 --> 00:11:09.129
Daniel Bluhm: But if it's going to be a bit, then I I maybe we want to try to

84
00:11:09.730 --> 00:11:20.489
Stephen Curran: get a few more things in

85
00:11:20.510 --> 00:11:25.319
Stephen Curran: 0 9. So there's this one in here that I think is an important one.

86
00:11:25.750 --> 00:11:41.940
Stephen Curran:  that I'd like to get in  this one I'd love to get in as soon as possible, but I think that's a 0 9 0  so those would be my course. This one

87
00:11:43.310 --> 00:11:50.050
Stephen Curran: I I think there's not a lot of controversy to it but that we've not had a a review on it.

88
00:11:50.980 --> 00:11:54.810
Stephen Curran:  So

89
00:11:55.460 --> 00:12:06.850
Stephen Curran: you know, we could start to go through these one by one and see whether they're ready to go. Obviously 3, 6. We're stuck on right because, we've got so far. We you haven't been able to get past

90
00:12:07.260 --> 00:12:13.459
Wade Barnes: where we are at that time. Right?

91
00:12:13.930 --> 00:12:18.030
Wade Barnes: It gets to a certain part like it. It starts the

92
00:12:19.360 --> 00:12:40.920
Wade Barnes: it starts one agent. It's mediator, starts, Bob, and then it tries to start Bob's mediator, and then nothing happens. It just it freezes, and I can't seem to get any logs. As to, you know, from github actions, or occupy or anything that would indicate what's going on.

93
00:12:41.140 --> 00:12:43.560
Wade Barnes: with that particular mediator.

94
00:12:44.040 --> 00:12:49.900
Wade Barnes: and I can't reproduce it locally, because it works every time

95
00:12:52.610 --> 00:12:53.450
Wade Barnes: so

96
00:12:56.010 --> 00:13:01.900
Wade Barnes: and and it it has something something to do with the version of Python, because

97
00:13:02.380 --> 00:13:10.810
Wade Barnes: it works all the way up until python 3.7 and Github actions, and then it stops working at 3.8

98
00:13:11.040 --> 00:13:12.809
Wade Barnes: 3.9 doesn't work as well.

99
00:13:13.860 --> 00:13:15.549
Wade Barnes: So I don't

100
00:13:15.680 --> 00:13:17.060
Wade Barnes: you know? I I

101
00:13:17.070 --> 00:13:19.380
Wade Barnes: I'd like another set of eyes and

102
00:13:19.540 --> 00:13:23.799
Wade Barnes: brain on it to, you know, maybe see something that I can't.

103
00:13:24.020 --> 00:13:24.890
Stephen Curran: Okay.

104
00:13:25.740 --> 00:13:30.720
Daniel Bluhm: Oh, yeah, I I volunteered myself to take a look at, but just haven't gotten around to it just yet.

105
00:13:30.770 --> 00:13:32.840
Stephen Curran: You're very busy. Okay.

106
00:13:33.240 --> 00:13:38.230
Stephen Curran: okay, so that one's a big one. But again, we would not want to put that in 0 8 2

107
00:13:39.160 --> 00:13:39.880
Daniel Bluhm: right?

108
00:13:40.400 --> 00:13:47.570
Stephen Curran:  This one looks ready to go. I believe.

109
00:13:51.500 --> 00:13:57.170
Daniel Bluhm: I think that's the one that had the dependency that had dropped support for 3, 6, right?

110
00:13:57.780 --> 00:14:07.490
Daniel Bluhm: I think we could. Probably. I think there's a there are ways to address this and get it into a a python. Three-six release back. I

111
00:14:08.120 --> 00:14:13.660
Daniel Bluhm: I we've I've worked with the multi formats library before, and it's not like it's doing.

112
00:14:14.110 --> 00:14:27.079
Daniel Bluhm: It's doing, it's useful. It's convenient to have. I think once we do get to a point where we're beyond. I think it would be helpful to include the multi formats as a dependency. but it's also possible to work around that. I think if we if we

113
00:14:27.150 --> 00:14:28.740
Daniel Bluhm: wanted to push for that, I guess.

114
00:14:33.980 --> 00:14:39.779
Stephen Curran: So this is just end rock endpoints in the manage

115
00:14:39.820 --> 00:14:41.210
Stephen Curran: process.

116
00:14:46.240 --> 00:14:50.850
Stephen Curran: There was a review left with with comments.

117
00:14:52.990 --> 00:14:55.870
Stephen Curran: And the person hasn't responded.

118
00:14:58.380 --> 00:15:02.480
Stephen Curran: I don't think, you know. Obviously, I don't think this one is a high priority one.

119
00:15:06.280 --> 00:15:15.430
Stephen Curran:  this. This is the one that I am worried about. Is is this ready to go now? And should we put it into O 8, 2.

120
00:15:16.500 --> 00:15:22.729
Daniel Bluhm: So I reviewed this one this morning, and Sasha got

121
00:15:22.900 --> 00:15:38.610
Stephen Curran: changes in addressing feedback. And I think this is good to go. Okay, and you're good with it in. Yes, okay. So that was my plan for that one as well, thinking what number? Yeah, we can see it on the screen anywhere.

122
00:15:48.750 --> 00:15:53.950
Stephen Curran: Okay? 2235. So I, assuming that tests pass

123
00:15:54.140 --> 00:16:00.960
Stephen Curran: we'll push that one into only 2, 233. If we can get some reviews on that

124
00:16:01.330 --> 00:16:04.029
Stephen Curran: we'll put it into

125
00:16:04.100 --> 00:16:10.740
Stephen Curran:  4, 8, 2, and then likely we'll declare it done at that point.

126
00:16:14.370 --> 00:16:15.210
Stephen Curran: Okay.

127
00:16:22.700 --> 00:16:25.810
Stephen Curran: this one has discussion going on.

128
00:16:27.260 --> 00:16:35.059
Stephen Curran: This one's breaking, so we won't change it. And then these are fairly old that we are okay with looking at them in a bit. This one will go away.

129
00:16:35.570 --> 00:16:42.820
Stephen Curran: if the work that with some other work going on by PC. Gov. And Jason Cairo.

130
00:16:44.920 --> 00:16:46.300
Stephen Curran: And so

131
00:16:46.470 --> 00:16:59.499
Stephen Curran: that's that's basically the list of all of the things that are going on. So that's the plan. 2233, and 35 will try to get into 8, 2, and then 2247 will be

132
00:16:59.680 --> 00:17:04.930
Stephen Curran: definitely a requirement for 0 9,

133
00:17:05.130 --> 00:17:09.000
Stephen Curran: and and that will should be the next one, and we want to get that very soon.

134
00:17:10.089 --> 00:17:13.459
Stephen Curran: Sounds good. Any other comments.

135
00:17:16.310 --> 00:17:20.040
Stephen Curran: all right. That took easier and faster than I thought.

136
00:17:20.190 --> 00:17:27.119
Stephen Curran: occupy plugins. Emiliano, you wanted to jump in and say some things. Do you want the screen? Or

137
00:17:27.680 --> 00:17:32.390
Emiliano Suñé: no, that's okay. I don't have anything to share

138
00:17:33.100 --> 00:17:40.250
Emiliano Suñé: it. It's more of a conversation and kind of like trying to throw out there some of the things we we're thinking would like to do.

139
00:17:40.300 --> 00:17:45.610
Emiliano Suñé: I and Costanzo did a while back, an analysis about which

140
00:17:45.800 --> 00:17:54.450
Emiliano Suñé: parts of a that are currently part of a it could be pluginified. And then there's a heck in the document which I can put in the

141
00:17:54.840 --> 00:18:00.110
Emiliano Suñé: in the in the wiki for reference, and it outlines

142
00:18:00.180 --> 00:18:05.970
Emiliano Suñé: some recommendations, best best practices. and as part of the

143
00:18:06.200 --> 00:18:11.269
Emiliano Suñé: the push that we're doing to get multi-tenancy

144
00:18:11.720 --> 00:18:13.060
Emiliano Suñé: working

145
00:18:13.660 --> 00:18:25.390
Emiliano Suñé: better for us. which means have multi-tenancy working. We in particular, we're using the Traction Plugin to manage parts of the multi-tenancy

146
00:18:25.610 --> 00:18:35.580
Emiliano Suñé: for down provisioning and and management. And on top of that we're trying to get some progress into the multi ledger right

147
00:18:36.290 --> 00:18:42.169
Emiliano Suñé: support for for agents. it's the the of a multi-pen

148
00:18:42.310 --> 00:18:46.109
Emiliano Suñé: multi-ten instance would be like, anybody can decide

149
00:18:46.240 --> 00:18:48.290
Emiliano Suñé: basically where which led to

150
00:18:48.550 --> 00:18:55.159
Emiliano Suñé: to be rooted on what one part of these would be, maybe taking a look at plugins

151
00:18:55.260 --> 00:18:58.240
Emiliano Suñé: and have 2 2 separate.

152
00:18:58.590 --> 00:19:01.650
Emiliano Suñé: but that kind of like concurrent conversations. One is like

153
00:19:01.770 --> 00:19:09.260
Emiliano Suñé: the video we're having in J. And Jason Sherman. I was talking with him yesterday, so he please chime in. If you, if you want

154
00:19:09.660 --> 00:19:17.409
Emiliano Suñé: was to try and start creating a either a complex folder in the occupy repository, or maybe even better.

155
00:19:17.560 --> 00:19:23.080
Emiliano Suñé: a separate repo for official or

156
00:19:23.290 --> 00:19:27.059
Emiliano Suñé: and then, yeah, I don't know how to can mean the plugins for occupy

157
00:19:27.130 --> 00:19:38.779
Emiliano Suñé: so that we can start moving components out there. the idea would be to have a single entry point, for the main clients are not like product specific, but they provide

158
00:19:38.870 --> 00:19:47.860
Emiliano Suñé: extra functionality, such as you know, the the the red is queuing or multi dependency, which is just like an add on to the core functionality without being

159
00:19:48.310 --> 00:19:49.830
Emiliano Suñé: specific to any product.

160
00:19:49.950 --> 00:19:56.059
Emiliano Suñé: That would be, in our opinion of benefit also for consistency, and how to develop Plugins

161
00:19:56.170 --> 00:20:03.759
Emiliano Suñé: in the future. There was some conversation about people not knowing exactly how to tackle them. There's like a few different

162
00:20:04.440 --> 00:20:08.740
Emiliano Suñé: the flavors of implementations. And we would like to make them a little more

163
00:20:08.840 --> 00:20:16.059
Emiliano Suñé: standardized, if possible. And yeah, so that's kind of like the

164
00:20:18.200 --> 00:20:21.460
Emiliano Suñé: start pushing that direction potentially

165
00:20:21.590 --> 00:20:24.260
Emiliano Suñé: starting with. And

166
00:20:24.490 --> 00:20:26.879
Emiliano Suñé: the multi-tenancy piece.

167
00:20:28.410 --> 00:20:29.250
Stephen Curran: Okay.

168
00:20:30.820 --> 00:20:32.730
Emiliano Suñé: I don't want to add anything, Jason.

169
00:20:33.670 --> 00:20:46.240
Jason Sherman: Yeah, I I think it covered most of it there it's I think we've got it kind of push this along. So yeah, like Ameliano, said he, and did all that work to kind of do some analysis on it.

170
00:20:46.300 --> 00:20:47.919
Jason Sherman: but nothing's really

171
00:20:48.200 --> 00:20:56.930
Jason Sherman: move forward with that. And I think you have to be kind of proactive. It may be simpler just to have a plugins folder

172
00:20:57.040 --> 00:20:59.860
Jason Sherman: at first in

173
00:21:00.540 --> 00:21:09.590
Jason Sherman: in the acupy repo. But it's probably better to be outside of it. yeah. And and the traction teams got

174
00:21:09.660 --> 00:21:25.849
Jason Sherman: 3 plugins that I can see that are traction specific to add functionality. So they've got the multi-tenancy stuff with allowing multiple tokens to be valid. so you can have multiple clients. using one wallet.

175
00:21:26.350 --> 00:21:41.210
Jason Sherman: That thing is not traction specific. they've also got basic message storage and connection, alias updating things so really small little enhancements that maybe don't have to go into occupy proper. But

176
00:21:41.240 --> 00:22:08.789
Jason Sherman: could be used by anybody else if they have a similar situation. So I think getting those out there, getting them like the mealano and standardized. This is how you build them. So you test them. This is how you would bring to your project. would be pretty beneficial. I think it. It gets the ball rolling. Maybe more people be interested in creating small little things. If they're seeing gaps in and occupy and stuff is, they'll have a a venue to do so.

177
00:22:08.860 --> 00:22:25.740
Jason Sherman: And you know. I think the Ontario team they had issues with being able to contribute because they don't have access to public repos. So having a like, maybe A. A. A shared the Hyper Ledger Labs repo would help them to be able to share

178
00:22:25.790 --> 00:22:30.210
Jason Sherman: plugging code that they're creating as well. That was an issue from way back. So

179
00:22:31.190 --> 00:22:36.119
Stephen Curran: okay, yeah, those are. That's my 2 cents on it. I think, yeah, it's kind of the times kind of right to

180
00:22:37.040 --> 00:22:38.829
Jason Sherman: push this forward a little bit more?

181
00:22:40.320 --> 00:22:49.460
Stephen Curran:  Daniel. And and in DC of folks you guys have Aries, toolbox plugins. Are are they

182
00:22:51.010 --> 00:22:56.090
Stephen Curran: specific to toolbox? Or do you think they would fit in an area? Sacrifice plugins? Repo?

183
00:22:58.440 --> 00:23:10.109
Daniel Bluhm:  I don't know if you've talked about this or not. I can't remember. I think we have. But we're actually moving the direction of deprecating the areas toolbox plugins.

184
00:23:10.170 --> 00:23:11.270
Daniel Bluhm: Yeah, okay.

185
00:23:12.890 --> 00:23:16.440
Daniel Bluhm: so I I don't think that would be something that we would want in a

186
00:23:16.570 --> 00:23:19.319
Daniel Bluhm: to include there.

187
00:23:19.320 --> 00:23:43.429
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): ha! Having, I mean, the answer is probably correct. But for a little more context, the the Plugin themselves added protocols like admin protocols to Acupy that could be called or used by anyone. So if the community found those useful they could maintain without it'll affect. Even if the toolbox Plugin would assist to to correctly identify what it is.

188
00:23:43.430 --> 00:23:53.909
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): So we are totally okay. If someone wants to it, it doesn't have to die if someone wants to continue to to have it. But we might consider it. I mean.

189
00:23:54.890 --> 00:24:01.150
Stephen Curran: and your thought on plugins for aquify in general, is it a useful feature at this point?

190
00:24:01.960 --> 00:24:05.419
Stephen Curran: Any any comments from anyone? Daniel or Brothers?

191
00:24:06.170 --> 00:24:11.209
Daniel Bluhm: yes, I think this is generally a a really good idea. I think that all that, having

192
00:24:11.280 --> 00:24:15.580
Daniel Bluhm: moving a lot of the functionality back into plugins allows us to

193
00:24:15.750 --> 00:24:20.250
Daniel Bluhm: have a cleaner separation of concerns between different things. We've got a little bit of

194
00:24:20.370 --> 00:24:21.449
Daniel Bluhm: the bleed.

195
00:24:21.530 --> 00:24:25.550
Daniel Bluhm: It's kind of all over the place. And in some of these components

196
00:24:26.210 --> 00:24:42.559
Daniel Bluhm: so moving some of that out then the core, I structure, I think, becomes more maintainable. And because, you know, if these plugins are not directly accessible, we can, you know, we can say, that's that's a plugin feature. That's a core feature, and we have a little bit more

197
00:24:44.090 --> 00:24:55.879
Daniel Bluhm: we. We can take a firmer stance on what belongs where, I guess. And yeah, I I think moving to a more plugging structure is going to be really important for

198
00:24:56.030 --> 00:25:12.729
Daniel Bluhm: the continued viability of of being able to maintain and update, act by in a in a quick way, especially with like the size of like each of these components. Like we, we don't take away features from Mac. I we just keep on adding new features, which is great.

199
00:25:12.990 --> 00:25:17.899
Daniel Bluhm: but Some of these features are are getting so large to the point where we could be.

200
00:25:18.340 --> 00:25:29.709
Daniel Bluhm: we could really realistically be independently revising them of occupy and and not have them tied to the release schedule back. And I think that would actually be a significant benefit both to Aqua by

201
00:25:29.770 --> 00:25:32.679
Daniel Bluhm: and these features. So

202
00:25:36.190 --> 00:25:46.960
Daniel Bluhm: yeah, at the same time, I've also I I I've been. I have like not well articulated concerns about like having a plugins all the way down.

203
00:25:47.040 --> 00:25:48.979
Daniel Bluhm: Kind of a thing.

204
00:25:50.360 --> 00:25:51.610
Daniel Bluhm: if if

205
00:25:52.340 --> 00:26:02.079
Daniel Bluhm: there's there's definitely value in having an agent in a box and just having like a course set of things just to be there and available and and have same defaults and stuff

206
00:26:03.260 --> 00:26:13.099
Daniel Bluhm: to give up a slightly more concrete example. So we we implemented the universal resolver, Plugin for a I and that was separate as a plugin

207
00:26:13.330 --> 00:26:15.429
Daniel Bluhm: It was usable. It was good.

208
00:26:15.470 --> 00:26:19.159
Daniel Bluhm: but I don't think it was picked up by anybody because they

209
00:26:19.170 --> 00:26:31.049
Daniel Bluhm: nobody was in the habit or or had processes established for pulling in plugins? and so until we actually moved it into I I don't think it was really seeing a lot of use

210
00:26:31.950 --> 00:26:34.459
Daniel Bluhm: So having a clean strategy for

211
00:26:36.370 --> 00:26:45.260
Daniel Bluhm: pulling in plugins and making sure people are aware of these really awesome and important features that are provided by plugins

212
00:26:45.460 --> 00:26:47.759
Daniel Bluhm: I think will be important.

213
00:26:49.370 --> 00:26:54.589
Emiliano Suñé: Yeah, I think it's a bit of a balancing act. You're right because there's a there's gonna be

214
00:26:54.600 --> 00:27:03.019
Emiliano Suñé: plugins that can be plugins, but are better off being the core functionality because of this cope that they set on

215
00:27:03.140 --> 00:27:13.579
Emiliano Suñé: But this idea of having, like the you know, the repository with the sort of like a listing of what the official plugins are. What you can find, I think would help in that.

216
00:27:13.990 --> 00:27:18.830
Emiliano Suñé: yeah, for the we are describing of like having people use them instead of just

217
00:27:19.120 --> 00:27:36.909
Emiliano Suñé: way for them to be absorbed because we we wouldn't have examples on how to add them. I I don't know if it is possible to make you to make like no install installable packages, somehow, maybe it's not possible. Maybe it's possible, but we can work more cohesively into

218
00:27:37.000 --> 00:27:45.070
Emiliano Suñé: getting all of the plugins that get developed. E for a specific side to be just used the same exact way.

219
00:27:49.790 --> 00:27:50.800
Stephen Curran: All right.

220
00:27:56.240 --> 00:27:57.879
Stephen Curran: Good discussion. So

221
00:27:58.120 --> 00:28:05.099
Stephen Curran: my thought is this would not be a lab. So let's just move it into

222
00:28:05.180 --> 00:28:06.410
Stephen Curran: a repo.

223
00:28:07.480 --> 00:28:09.870
Stephen Curran: I'm happy to create it

224
00:28:10.170 --> 00:28:14.690
Stephen Curran: if we think we're far enough along to do that, and then and

225
00:28:14.900 --> 00:28:20.839
Stephen Curran: I would say, we want to pick several plugins to to use as to populate it

226
00:28:22.780 --> 00:28:26.170
Stephen Curran: and and drive off. That does that sound right?

227
00:28:28.750 --> 00:28:32.950
Emiliano Suñé: Yeah, I think we can work around that. Maybe what we should do is if this.

228
00:28:32.970 --> 00:28:34.270
Emiliano Suñé: if we start

229
00:28:34.360 --> 00:28:38.149
Emiliano Suñé: doing the to be analysis, less work of like

230
00:28:38.330 --> 00:28:43.450
Emiliano Suñé: plucking things around. Maybe Jason can can sync up with you when

231
00:28:43.520 --> 00:28:48.880
Emiliano Suñé: you know if a foundation is ready, and then start pushing things over to the other side

232
00:28:48.960 --> 00:28:57.769
Stephen Curran: like this is to me, is needed right away. If we could bring in the Kafka, one from from Cyclus.

233
00:28:57.840 --> 00:29:02.880
Stephen Curran: work. That would be another good one And then

234
00:29:02.990 --> 00:29:07.940
Stephen Curran: picking one or 2 from from traction if they are suitably.

235
00:29:08.050 --> 00:29:08.950
Stephen Curran: you know.

236
00:29:09.270 --> 00:29:11.690
Stephen Curran: suitable for that?

237
00:29:11.730 --> 00:29:19.300
Stephen Curran: A. And then just say, Okay, we've got 3 or 4 that we need. Now, we'll do the types of things that

238
00:29:19.790 --> 00:29:30.379
Stephen Curran: that you and Jason we're talking about, which is standardizing the structures, the conventions, and how to use them, examples of how to bring them into a a deployment of occupy, and then.

239
00:29:30.710 --> 00:29:36.559
Stephen Curran: you know, prevent this thing of them not being used at all, but actually, you know.

240
00:29:36.740 --> 00:29:42.650
Stephen Curran: getting the the community comfortable with with both building them and

241
00:29:42.850 --> 00:29:44.880
Stephen Curran: and and deploying them

242
00:29:45.640 --> 00:29:48.740
Stephen Curran: in a in a as easy way as possible.

243
00:29:53.860 --> 00:29:57.429
Stephen Curran: Okay. any other thoughts from anyone on that

244
00:30:02.150 --> 00:30:11.689
Stephen Curran: excellent. all right. The last topic is a happy one. we've got a new mediator. So speaking of our pull requests

245
00:30:12.940 --> 00:30:23.980
Stephen Curran: looks like this has been approved with lots of people approving it. We have. The majority of Maintainers have approved this.

246
00:30:25.090 --> 00:30:35.199
Stephen Curran: I introduced it so I've already approved it. I guess. so good to go to welcome Jason Sherman has a meet as a Maintainer, and

247
00:30:35.590 --> 00:30:40.640
Stephen Curran: in occupied done at all. I hope to do it today. I forgot this was going to be out of.

248
00:30:41.460 --> 00:30:49.609
Stephen Curran: Oh, I hope to do this live in person, but I guess we won't, because we've got to run a pilot test to see if this text change affects the code in any way.

249
00:30:50.240 --> 00:30:55.300
Stephen Curran: anyway. Jason, welcome to as a Maintainer.

250
00:30:55.500 --> 00:31:11.510
Stephen Curran: Appreciate your efforts and look forward to your contributions going forward. If anyone else knows of someone who should be a Maintainer is interested in a Maintainer, we did update the Maintainer documentation as to

251
00:31:11.610 --> 00:31:23.530
Stephen Curran: exactly what the rules are for, how to propose or self. Nominate yourself as a Maintainer, and we welcome those. And we also in that document.

252
00:31:23.620 --> 00:31:36.999
Stephen Curran: outlying sort of the duties of of a maintainer and sort of the the priority order of of of what to work on things. This was discussed.

253
00:31:37.790 --> 00:31:53.029
Stephen Curran:  so sorry I have a question. Sorry for this interruption. Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm Jel Luca. I'm a mentee of fiber ledger mendorship program. And I've long to stand that the recommendation

254
00:31:53.100 --> 00:32:05.109
Gianluca Capuzzi: task force and ask you if you need support for writing documentation and also other kind of contribution, because we we know also the

255
00:32:05.210 --> 00:32:07.160
Gianluca Capuzzi: learning program.

256
00:32:07.430 --> 00:32:13.109
Gianluca Capuzzi: If you have. Yeah, I I wrote in, I wrote in in chat.

257
00:32:13.120 --> 00:32:20.659
Gianluca Capuzzi: if you get the support for the recommendation or other kind of contribution. I don't know if you want to.

258
00:32:20.750 --> 00:32:25.599
Stephen Curran: answer later I will call that you.

259
00:32:25.750 --> 00:32:29.560
Stephen Curran: And and I think, Agnes, you have a similar background.

260
00:32:30.220 --> 00:32:31.860
Gianluca Capuzzi: Okay?

261
00:32:32.360 --> 00:32:34.749
Gianluca Capuzzi: Okay, yeah. Yeah.

262
00:32:34.960 --> 00:32:40.700
Stephen Curran: All right. So maybe the 3 of us could get together for a meeting. And are you working with Bobby? Both of you.

263
00:32:40.760 --> 00:32:41.900
Gianluca Capuzzi: Yeah, yeah.

264
00:32:42.890 --> 00:32:48.960
Stephen Curran: Okay. So maybe the the 3 or 4 of us could have a meeting on this and and sort of figure out.

265
00:32:49.020 --> 00:32:52.729
Stephen Curran:  there is.

266
00:32:52.810 --> 00:33:01.649
Stephen Curran: there is a bunch of resources. There's a bunch of organization help. We could definitely use that. We made some progress in the last year.

267
00:33:01.810 --> 00:33:13.620
Stephen Curran: in doing that. But we definitely could use additional help. And and so let's talk about your backgrounds and and sort of how to figure out how you might be able to fit in.

268
00:33:14.710 --> 00:33:17.460
Stephen Curran: Glad to have your help. Delighted to your

269
00:33:20.460 --> 00:33:32.880
Gianluca Capuzzi: okay, okay, we're about. I will report back. And and I mean, we we we have in our team. we have also software developer

270
00:33:32.960 --> 00:33:37.639
Gianluca Capuzzi: and also people who have a Phd. For example.

271
00:33:38.330 --> 00:33:47.400
Gianluca Capuzzi: So they can write the recommendation, or also good to to write code if if needed.

272
00:33:51.950 --> 00:33:54.709
Stephen Curran: Sorry about that. Yeah, excellent.

273
00:33:54.800 --> 00:33:57.999
Stephen Curran: Very much. delighted to talk to you about that.

274
00:33:58.560 --> 00:34:01.359
Stephen Curran: Okay, thank you. Thank you.

275
00:34:03.650 --> 00:34:13.729
Stephen Curran:  I wanted to. Highlight. Yeah, here's sort of the duties of a Maintainer on a on a hyper ledger project and sort of the

276
00:34:14.090 --> 00:34:15.639
Stephen Curran: the order of

277
00:34:15.659 --> 00:34:20.519
Stephen Curran: of activity, and  you know.

278
00:34:21.070 --> 00:34:39.349
Stephen Curran: contribute to the product by a pull request. This is likely the most common thing. But there's lots of other things that are important to get done, perhaps ahead of these things, and that's the idea of of you know, making sure that these these items are getting done

279
00:34:39.560 --> 00:34:41.040
Stephen Curran: to enable

280
00:34:41.070 --> 00:34:50.019
Stephen Curran:  you know not only your contributions, but others to contribute to it. And that's and that's a big part of this, that role.

281
00:34:50.750 --> 00:34:54.579
Stephen Curran: So if I use this as an opportunity to get on that soap box.

282
00:34:54.630 --> 00:34:56.510
Stephen Curran: okay.

283
00:34:56.750 --> 00:35:11.049
Stephen Curran: that's all I have for the meeting right now. for the topics. We walk through the the things a little faster than I expected, so I kind of thought. This was going to be a packed meeting. It seems like it's not Are there any other topics people want to raise?

284
00:35:11.200 --> 00:35:14.820
Stephen Curran:  in the open space we have. Now.

285
00:35:19.730 --> 00:35:23.409
Emiliano Suñé: Yeah, I was gonna mention, mention one thing,

286
00:35:23.430 --> 00:35:34.850
Emiliano Suñé: as part of the what it was describing before the effort to using multi-tenancy more. One side side effect that we're having is we're trying to consolidate also

287
00:35:35.000 --> 00:35:40.049
Emiliano Suñé: the deployment strategies we have. So we're probably going to be pushing.

288
00:35:40.170 --> 00:35:45.210
Emiliano Suñé: And at some point, at least in the initial version of a of a home chart.

289
00:35:45.530 --> 00:35:52.189
Emiliano Suñé: or try to question it. Some virgin initial version of a home chart to to the aquifer repo for occupied agents.

290
00:35:52.550 --> 00:35:58.019
Emiliano Suñé: and so maybe keep an eye open for that, and if you have any interest or

291
00:35:58.150 --> 00:36:06.040
Emiliano Suñé: knowledge in that field. It would be nice to get some extra eyes on it. It's probably gonna be a.

292
00:36:06.460 --> 00:36:10.729
Emiliano Suñé: It's going to take a while to get it perfected because there's a lot of

293
00:36:11.170 --> 00:36:18.619
Emiliano Suñé: we tweaks. And in settings that need to be added that we're going to try to do it as good as possible in in the first step.

294
00:36:19.270 --> 00:36:20.170
Stephen Curran: Yeah.

295
00:36:22.150 --> 00:36:34.769
Stephen Curran: I think that's probably Oh, Jason, go ahead. Oh, this is for after this. Yeah, yeah. The one thing I wanted to add was, you know, probably the the biggest

296
00:36:36.330 --> 00:36:43.190
Stephen Curran:  challenge new folks coming into the community have is that

297
00:36:44.280 --> 00:36:46.329
Stephen Curran: incredibly long list of

298
00:36:46.360 --> 00:36:54.679
Stephen Curran:  configuration parameters and and a the config file. It's possible. And and that is definitely something that we need to

299
00:36:56.110 --> 00:37:02.460
Stephen Curran: help with the documentation and help with ideas on how we can make that a lot easier. So

300
00:37:03.170 --> 00:37:18.560
Stephen Curran:  you know, Jen, look. And and I guess those are big areas where we are desperate for help. So part of that is creating code, like like Amelia is, is proposing by having a helm sharp

301
00:37:18.810 --> 00:37:27.359
Stephen Curran: to do that But others is, is just trying to ease people into it and giving them tools they can use to to make it easier.

302
00:37:28.220 --> 00:37:30.300
Stephen Curran: All right, Jason, go ahead.

303
00:37:31.850 --> 00:37:43.660
Jason Sherman: yeah. I forgot to file in a bullet point there, just the discussion of adding a dev container. The Aries, cloudy python.

304
00:37:44.210 --> 00:37:50.759
Jason Sherman: As we discussed yesterday. I just don't want to go. I don't know how the community feels about

305
00:37:51.220 --> 00:38:02.930
Jason Sherman: dev containers and Vs code. I know Dev containers, not Vs code specific, but that's kind of where it leans and then adding, launch stuff! I just didn't know how the community felt about

306
00:38:03.280 --> 00:38:05.650
Jason Sherman: adding things like that. So

307
00:38:05.760 --> 00:38:06.420
this

308
00:38:06.720 --> 00:38:21.649
Jason Sherman: it's under way, and it was really useful for me to solve some of these problems in the last few weeks. so I mean, I can always do. Do obviously do a Pr. And get people to respond on that. But I just thought I'd throw that out there that that was kind of under way to

309
00:38:21.810 --> 00:38:24.049
Jason Sherman: maybe make it easier for

310
00:38:24.220 --> 00:38:32.210
Jason Sherman: new actual developers, not just users of occupy, but developers of occupy. we're kind of headed in that direction. So

311
00:38:32.660 --> 00:38:34.800
Stephen Curran: okay, so

312
00:38:35.720 --> 00:38:43.829
Stephen Curran: just to summarize the plan Jason is working on adding a a Pr for adding a dev container

313
00:38:44.220 --> 00:38:53.529
Stephen Curran: to the occupy repo, so that when you start up in, for example, vs. Code, you get a a a

314
00:38:54.870 --> 00:39:09.929
Stephen Curran: you. You get an option at least to restart the container in the deaf container. restart your end, or into that container and operate from there. I know I keep you put up up, put them in a pile of places, and find them really useful.

315
00:39:12.000 --> 00:39:19.570
Akiff Manji: Yeah, especially for Javascript. But I've been thinking about even the python once. So this is, this would be a great

316
00:39:19.690 --> 00:39:22.650
Akiff Manji: addition, I think, for developer experience.

317
00:39:23.150 --> 00:39:33.539
Jason Sherman: Okay? Great like dev containers are pretty new to me. I don't live in that world. So feedback will be very important, I think, for people that are, you know.

318
00:39:34.190 --> 00:39:45.200
Jason Sherman: have created them more frequently or use them more frequently. It'd be great to get some feedback on that. So when that Pr is out. That'll we'll maybe kind of advertise that one needs some eyes from other parties.

319
00:39:45.340 --> 00:39:50.740
Stephen Curran: Yeah. And it's definitely one that can evolve over time. That's for sure, for sure. Yeah, yeah.

320
00:39:52.230 --> 00:40:02.349
Stephen Curran: Again. This that that will help in the getting started. Thanks for bringing that up. any any one object to having a deaf container included in occupy itself in the repository.

321
00:40:09.090 --> 00:40:09.940
Stephen Curran: Cool?

322
00:40:11.390 --> 00:40:20.030
Jason Sherman: All right. Any hopefully. Next week, then, or the end of this week, we'll have a yeah. The Pr. Up there if I can get some time to document it nicely. Yeah.

323
00:40:20.260 --> 00:40:27.070
Stephen Curran: this is in in ramping up this. These are the things that make it go faster, not not slower. You may. They may

324
00:40:27.360 --> 00:40:31.110
Stephen Curran: deviate off the path, but the end result is, you go faster

325
00:40:31.620 --> 00:40:34.140
Stephen Curran: going down the path. So it's good.

326
00:40:39.040 --> 00:40:52.419
Alberto Leon: Yeah. Hello, guys. yeah. I've been asking some questions on the Channel. and I'm more of a front end person here, and I'm just trying to get my head around. how my team and I can.

327
00:40:52.470 --> 00:41:02.540
Alberto Leon: Great high availability mediator. I think I asked that question, Steven. You answered that question. I know you guys from DC, go have like an open shift thing.

328
00:41:02.830 --> 00:41:18.169
Alberto Leon: And I know. And I understand that the media are all it really does is just like an input output kind of mechanism. If I'm I'm not sure if I'm correct on that. And I know, maybe like a it is simple, easy to instance, might suffice.

329
00:41:18.310 --> 00:41:28.739
Alberto Leon: But I kind of wanted to get your thoughts, Steven, or anyone else on what you recommend. I know the orchestration might be a complicated when you have multi instances.

330
00:41:28.870 --> 00:41:32.270
Alberto Leon: But I kind of wanted to see if there's any

331
00:41:32.390 --> 00:41:39.819
Alberto Leon: viable options and any other teams have done for handling big amounts of of users.

332
00:41:45.330 --> 00:41:46.540
Stephen Curran: Anyone?

333
00:41:49.580 --> 00:41:50.690
Stephen Curran: All right.

334
00:41:50.820 --> 00:42:01.119
Stephen Curran:  At this point.  the challenge has been and and we're happy to start and contribute to

335
00:42:01.460 --> 00:42:14.979
Stephen Curran: start conversations and and go through a design. We went through a fair amount of design work. last December is on this topic, and

336
00:42:15.180 --> 00:42:18.440
Stephen Curran: we got to the point that we decided to hold off

337
00:42:18.840 --> 00:42:22.040
Stephen Curran: on it. and so we haven't made

338
00:42:22.060 --> 00:42:25.209
Stephen Curran: a lot of of progress other than

339
00:42:25.360 --> 00:42:32.620
Stephen Curran: on the implementation we already have, which, as as I mentioned, is not a multi container.

340
00:42:33.230 --> 00:42:47.490
Stephen Curran:  so we are at, you know. PC, Gov. Team is willing to contribute to that effort and and join in a a collaboration on a design on design work of that. So

341
00:42:47.890 --> 00:42:51.090
Stephen Curran: if if that's of interest.

342
00:42:51.410 --> 00:43:09.220
Alberto Leon:  yeah, definitely, it is of interest. I think the back end team would be the right people for that. But going back to to whatever I think.

343
00:43:09.220 --> 00:43:25.980
Alberto Leon: can you just explain what the current solution Vc, Gu has. the basic solution is what's wrong hardware at it. we have a single instance of of of acupy running as the mediator. we

344
00:43:26.120 --> 00:43:32.890
Stephen Curran: we went down the we made sure we're running as far we we made sure we're running

345
00:43:33.390 --> 00:43:49.659
Stephen Curran: and just making sure we're oh, we are adding a cash to it, and red is so that at least, if when the when the instance moves because of a rescheduling on the cluster. We don't lose anything.

346
00:43:49.760 --> 00:44:00.400
Stephen Curran: so that's good. But we aren't able to horizontally scale. We're not able to add more instances of occupy, and that's because of exactly the problem you mentioned, which is

347
00:44:00.540 --> 00:44:02.340
Stephen Curran: Each.

348
00:44:02.390 --> 00:44:12.040
Stephen Curran: Each instance has to know which instance has the web the web socket connection to the destination wallet.

349
00:44:12.080 --> 00:44:32.240
Stephen Curran: And and so we did a pile of work, and we think we have some solutions, but we we kind of defer it. to see if others in the community would come up with it. At this point we're probably ready to say, Okay, we better start on it. And so that is something we'd be willing to start, and and maybe the next time

350
00:44:32.320 --> 00:44:41.330
Stephen Curran: the next session I can. I can do a a sort of overview of this, and maybe that'll be the kick off to to more work happening

351
00:44:41.370 --> 00:44:45.249
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): any. Steven we've got. We've

352
00:44:45.380 --> 00:44:47.349
Soubhratra Das (SD): sorry, Sam. Go ahead, please.

353
00:44:47.470 --> 00:44:53.200
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): We've got a project called Socket Doc, which is pretty dumb about

354
00:44:53.340 --> 00:45:10.409
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): what's being passed, but is designed to hold on to web sockets, and then passes the message upstream with enough metadata to know which instance of socket do in a in a cluster environment. contains the the ability to send outgoing messages. So

355
00:45:10.610 --> 00:45:29.129
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): that's a relatively small piece of code. We could also show that I think and that would be useful. It it could be used it's relatively, it just needs an Http endpoint on the back end. So it's relatively flexible, and how it could be used. But but that could be useful, and we could and we could share that.

356
00:45:29.430 --> 00:45:41.419
Stephen Curran: Well, why don't we plan on? I mean, this is an area's wide just to be very clear. We are not tied to this, the that the Mediator has to be occupy

357
00:45:41.500 --> 00:45:44.680
Stephen Curran:  And and so.

358
00:45:44.690 --> 00:45:48.050
Stephen Curran: you know, I know Anmo published something

359
00:45:48.220 --> 00:45:56.080
Stephen Curran: the other day with Afj. And I haven't had a chance to look at it to see whether it allows for that scalability or not.

360
00:45:56.090 --> 00:46:04.909
Stephen Curran:  so. But I'm happy to have it the next at the pub, the, you know, introducing this topic, Sam. I'll get you to

361
00:46:04.960 --> 00:46:17.829
Stephen Curran: participating in that discussion, and and we can sort of go from the basics of the problem, and and then figure out what solutions are already available and and what we can build on. Does that sound good

362
00:46:18.880 --> 00:46:20.060
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): that does

363
00:46:21.020 --> 00:46:22.740
Stephen Curran: Alberta that works for you?

364
00:46:24.810 --> 00:46:36.060
Alberto Leon: Yeah, definitely and just kind of like a a question. on the single instance that you guys have. Do you guys have any feedback on how that performs with locust? And how many users

365
00:46:36.490 --> 00:46:44.930
Stephen Curran: So so far we have, we, we keep crowd. We've every time we've tried, we've crash focus before we crash.

366
00:46:44.970 --> 00:46:51.050
Alberto Leon: Oh, I see. So the okay, yeah, there has not been a problem since we put that in there.

367
00:46:51.490 --> 00:47:13.380
Stephen Curran: So we're fairly confident we can go with our used cases. What we don't know is how far it can go, you know. Okay, it makes sense. So Stefan, I work with Alberto at instant. Manage the work of engineering. So we can. We? We are interested because we have a used case right now. to actually

368
00:47:13.430 --> 00:47:19.479
Soubhratra Das (SD): test that overall. And Albert, we actually coordinating with our testing team as well as

369
00:47:19.660 --> 00:47:32.400
Soubhratra Das (SD): back in team to see what we can do. just for clarification. We are still learning this environment kind of associated, as you understand. for the year.

370
00:47:32.530 --> 00:47:41.019
Soubhratra Das (SD): and I'm trying to see if we can allocate someone with the back end knowledge to help these onto this. But if we can actually

371
00:47:41.140 --> 00:47:50.299
Soubhratra Das (SD): give an overview, as you suggested in the next meeting, or a special meeting that would help jump start this process.

372
00:47:53.120 --> 00:48:07.270
Stephen Curran: Okay? I. I'm kind of hesitant to wait 2 weeks. But I'll figured out what what we can do ahead of that. Sam. Maybe we could have the areas working group meeting, not tomorrow, but the next week.

373
00:48:07.700 --> 00:48:09.160
Stephen Curran: Focus on this.

374
00:48:09.930 --> 00:48:14.499
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): The venue, I think, is is unimportant. But yeah.

375
00:48:15.240 --> 00:48:20.199
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): I mean, I don't mean to say that I think either one would work. Fine. I this is what I meant to say.

376
00:48:20.270 --> 00:48:25.580
Stephen Curran: are you? But are you okay with turning the the agenda over to that.

377
00:48:25.670 --> 00:48:33.119
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): I am so ready to get back to actual business instead of talking about the open wall foundation

378
00:48:33.270 --> 00:48:42.400
Stephen Curran: process. But but we can worry about that. Okay, so how does this that we plan a week from tomorrow we get together and and we

379
00:48:42.550 --> 00:48:51.039
Stephen Curran: have all things. Mediator. We'll get teamo and the animal team involved. and and we'll try to build up from there. Does that sound good?

380
00:48:54.550 --> 00:48:56.200
Soubhratra Das (SD): Yeah, that would be great.

381
00:48:56.390 --> 00:48:57.360
Stephen Curran: Okay.

382
00:48:58.250 --> 00:49:08.449
Stephen Curran: technical session, I I would suspect. And we'll get try to dive into the weeds of what's there? What's there now? What? What the core issue is? What's there now, and what can be done with

383
00:49:10.380 --> 00:49:14.049
Stephen Curran: excellent great question. Alberta.

384
00:49:15.050 --> 00:49:17.600
Alberto Leon: Thanks. Thank you for doing that.

385
00:49:17.670 --> 00:49:19.819
Stephen Curran: Okay, any other topics.

386
00:49:22.390 --> 00:49:31.550
Stephen Curran: Just so everyone knows. this is the worst day ever, because I have to fast until 2 30 this afternoon before I get some blood taken, and and

387
00:49:32.030 --> 00:49:42.359
Stephen Curran: I could have a coffee until 6, 30, and all I had was old milk, and so I didn't even have a coffee. I'm just struggling. That's my challenge today.

388
00:49:44.360 --> 00:49:51.330
Stephen Curran: That's why you always schedule blood fasting, blood work for first thing in the morning.

389
00:49:54.070 --> 00:50:01.229
Sam Curren (TelegramSam): First, you can't eat, and then they make you bleed, and they say that the practicing medicine isn't torture right

390
00:50:01.700 --> 00:50:09.720
Emiliano Suñé: like you want some pictures of food from here, Stephen. Oh, Ouch!

391
00:50:11.510 --> 00:50:15.519
Stephen Curran: No one should send me pictures from around the world with food.

392
00:50:18.260 --> 00:50:20.869
Stephen Curran: All right, folks, thank you very much.

393
00:50:22.570 --> 00:50:25.349
Stephen Curran: I think we'll call it a wrap at that point moment

394
00:50:26.320 --> 00:50:27.470
Akiff Manji: have a good one.

395
00:50:27.680 --> 00:50:31.580
Emiliano Suñé: Thank you.

