1. [BootCampBC (archived)](index.html)
2. [BootCampBC - Hyperledger Indy and the Verifiable Organizations Network](BootCampBC---Hyperledger-Indy-and-the-Verifiable-Organizations-Network_17432590.html)

# BootCampBC (archived) : Logistics &amp; FAQ

Created by Stephen Curran, last modified by John Jordan on Mar 05, 2019

The following cover some of the event logistics in FAQ form. We'll update this section as we get closer to the event and as we field questions from participants.  **Check back here for more event information.**

**Question**: Will lunch be provided?

Yes, the event is catered. Coffee, snacks and lunch will be provided.  More details on the lunch will be provided here.

AM BREAK

Traditional mom's banana bread • v (cut in half)Wheat-free cheddar cheese corn bread • v gf  
Fresh fruit skewers • ve gf  
Freshly brewed Moja organic coffee and imported teas

LUNCH

Sandwich buffet

Chef’s sandwich and wrap selection:  
House roasted turkey breast with cranberry mayo Irish ham and Swiss cheese  
Fresh roast beef with cheddar  
Ocean wise smoked wild Sockeye salmon  
Grilled vegetables with hummus • v

Tandoori spiced cauliflower with DuPuy lentils  
Served on a variety of breads from our in house bakery, including baguettes, wraps and bagels (One and a half sandwiches per guest)  
―  
Includes gluten free sandwiches • gf  
―  
A salad of baby mixed greens with two types of dressing • v gf  
New potato salad with a grainy mustard dressing • ve gf  
Cucumber salad with sour cream and dill • v gf  
―  
Assorted in house made cookies (includes gluten free) • v

―  
Freshly brewed Moja organic coffee and imported teas

PM BREAK

Heaping bowls of fresh whole fruits and berries • ve gf Cold smoked sockeye salmon points  
Parmesan tomato scones • v (looking for GF sweet)  
―

Freshly brewed Moja organic coffee and imported teas

**Question**: Do I need to register for the BC Tech Summit to attend?

Attendance at the BC Tech Summit is not required to attend this event, and vice versa.  We are conducting this bootcamp in conjunction with the BC Tech Summit, but it is a separate event and the tickets for the two events do not cross over.

**Question**: Do I need to bring my laptop?

Yes, you are welcome to bring your laptop and run the workshops that are on the agenda. Or, you are welcome to just follow along as the presenters walk through the examples.

**Question**: Do I need to pre-install any software to be able to run the workshops?

No.  The workshops will be run using a browser on a website that gives you access to a Linux container and a command line.  We'll walk you through the steps of the workshop and provide links to detailed guidance for running the steps on your own - your choice.  You will also be able to run the workshops and get the software running after the bootcamp using the website or using resources on your laptop - docker, git and the like.

Document generated by Confluence on Nov 26, 2024 13:03

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
